{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am not sure what my perfect date with my ideal romantic partner is, mostly because I am not that picky. One of my favorite first date activities would be something like mini-golfing or bowling, because they are fun, do not have to be too serious, and can be a little competitive. Of course, the perfect date would have some sort of food element, because who does not love food? I am not really a "Netflix and chill" kind of person (although I do really like Netflix). I like things that are a little more active and exciting. Of course, there is the stereotypical fair/carnival date, or one at some sort of sporting event, and even though they are a little clich?, I do not mind the idea of them because they are both something that is more interesting than just watching a movie. In hindsight though, the perfect date would be something that was fun and energetic, and also was not that serious. As far as the ideal romantic partner goes, I am not too sure about that either (again, I am not that picky). I am single right now and do not really have anyone I am interested in, so I am not too sure about who/what I am looking for. Physically, I like guys that are tall, and I usually like guys with dark hair, although it's not a hard and fast rule. Personality wise, I am a little more particular. Probably the most important thing is that my ideal romantic partner would have to be honest and loyal, because my ideal date would be with a serious romantic partner, and I would not consider a romantic partner without those two qualities. In addition to that, the ideal romantic partner would have to be humorous, because a big part of being able to laugh and have fun on a date is being with someone who is funny. Another important thing is that it would not be an ideal date if the person who I was with was not polite and respectful. Usually, these are two qualities that you assume most people have, but in order to have the most ideal date possible with the most ideal romantic partner, these are two qualities the partner would have to have. Really, my ideal romantic partner for a perfect date would just be someone who was trustworthy and polite, but was also able to have fun and not be too serious.}