{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The main requirement of any perfect date is that it happens with the right person. The right person varies for each individual, but generally it should be someone that shares the same core values with you. While they should have many important similarities, they should also have differences that complement your qualities. For example, I am a strong introvert, so an extrovert would complement me and force me to come outside of my comfort zone a little bit. However, an ideal romantic partner for me does not have to be extroverted, they just have to be able to push me outside of my shell a little bit at a time. Furthermore, my faith is an essential quality in who I am, so I need a partner who is also grounded in their faith. Another important quality that I look for is intelligence. I need someone who I believe to be intelligent and am able to hold a quality conversation with. This ideal partner must also be incredibly kind and loyal as these are qualities that I value and believe will also benefit the relationship in the long run. While I have a few qualities that I view as necessary in a potential romantic partner, there are many other qualities that I highly respect and will increase how attracted I am towards someone else. I believe that a perfect date consists mainly of being with the right person because if you don't enjoy the company of the person that you are with, none of the rest of the date matters. A perfect date would consist of just wanting to spend time together and not have as much pressure as a grand date. This would mean spending time talking to each other and just enjoying each other's company over dinner or coffee or some other venue. Ideally, this would also be accompanied by something exciting such as a concert or event to extend the amount of time that you spend together. Ultimately, a very important aspect of a date is that conversation flows and is not forced or stressful. That conversation should also be meaningful and truthful and not simply full of meaningless jabber. A perfect date should be meaningful to both of the people involved and be something that they both like to do or that they like to do together. This way both can equally enjoy the date, and there is no pressure for either one to conform his or her interests with what the other enjoys. }