{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Everyone has their ideal perfect date. Most people enjoy going to a movie and going out to a nice romantic dinner date and making their date spend hundreds upon hundreds of dollars on you, but in reality, that does not happen a lot, at least for me it does not. My ideal perfect date would be going to dinner at a nice restaurant, getting to know my romantic partner, and being able to enjoy myself. Another big aspect is being able to be compatible with my date. Going out to dinner is nice because, everyone loves food. Who doesn't? I love getting dressed up and going on a nice date. Another huge aspect of the date is being able to enjoy myself. I do not want to have to think about any of my insecurities and I do not want my date to think about any of his either. I want both of us to be able to enjoy ourselves and have a good time. I want to be able to make jokes and laugh, while also getting to know each other. I want both of us to feel free to ask questions about our families and not feel awkward or uncomfortable about it. I just want for myself and my date to be able to be ourselves. One of the biggest aspect of my perfect date is getting to know my romantic partner. I think this is the most important part of the date. I just want to be able to actually get to know my date and I want him to get to know me as well. Personally, I do not think it matters how much my date spends on me. He could spend hundreds of dollars or he could spend nothing at all. Just as long as we both enjoyed ourselves and had a great time, that is what really matters. For example, I am from a very small town in Missouri where we did not have a lot to do. Most guys would take you on a date at the Taco Bell and then he would drive you around in his pickup truck until about three in the morning. To everyone around my town, that was the ideal perfect date. Even though it does not sound like much, it was still really enjoyable to just to get to know the person and just talk about nothing. Lastly, my romantic partner and I have to be somewhat compatible with each other. I do not want someone who makes me feel uncomfortable and someone who does not like to joke around. I want to feel a connection with my romantic partner, especially on a date. Having compatibility with my romantic partner will kind of make or break the date. You want someone who is like yourself, but not too much like yourself. My perfect ideal date would just be getting to know someone whether it be at a dinner table, or in a pickup truck, or just sitting on the couch. To me it does not really matter where, just as long as we both enjoy each other's company and have fun!}