{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 If I could choose a perfect date for me and my ideal romantic partner, that perfect date for me would be with my  amazing boyfriend Parker that I love so much. We have been together for a really long time and we have gone on a lot of dates together, so it is honestly kind of hard to think of the ideal perfect date! I think I would want to choose something that we both really genuinely love to do. The first few things that come to my mind are sports, music, and food. In my opinion I think that it would be so much fun to get tickets to either a concert or some professional sporting event and make a whole day out of it. I would make sure it would be the perfect date by spending the money on really close up seats because you're going to want a good view of the event. If I was going to this event in a big city we would spend all day exploring around the city and finding cool places to go to, or maybe go do some shopping. I think that it would be fun to then go to a fancy dinner that night right before the concert or game. I wouldn't care if we were dressed up or not because I mean if we are at a baseball or football game you don't dress up, so for me that makes it more fun! I'm not sure which concert I would choose because Parker loves country music and it is starting to grow on me so I would most likely choose Sam Hunt or Thomas Rhett. If I would choose another concert we would both agree on going to either Post Malone or Kendrick Lamar. If it was a sporting event I would choose to go to a Cub's vs. Cardinal's baseball game or an NFL game. We would have so much fun at any of those events because we both love going to concerts, I love the Cub's and he loves the Cardinal's, and we both love football. After the concert or sporting event I would want to go get frozen yogurt from a place like Orange Leaf because it is so good. Then we would go find something cute around town to go do and be adventurous because who wouldn't love that? I would then want to stay where we are at for the night and leave the next morning. Going to a concert or a professional sporting event with your ideal romantic partner would be one of the greatest things ever! To me, doing anything along the lines of everything I explained would be a perfect date. }