{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 An Ideal date would have to begin with a partner who is a very close friend to begin with. I don't like awkwardness, so the most ideal partner for me would be someone who I can easily connect with and talk to before anything becomes romantic between us. I would want them to be able to come to my house and just watch movies without any awkward silences or situations. I would want my partner to be a good amount taller than me, with messy hair, glasses, and a cute smile. I want someone who I could make laugh and who could make me laugh easily. I don't really have a preference on appearance or features. I would want my ideal partner to be outgoing and spontaneous, who can deal with my busy schedule. I want him to have similar interests to me, but not the exact same to keep things interesting. The ideal date for me and this romantic partner would have to begin with an adventure. I want him to take us to a place we have never been to before. For example, an amusement park or vendors market. This would allow for great bonding and new memories to form. During this adventure we would laugh and enjoy ourselves while being very silly and humors. I would want him to buy me something, not necessarily expensive, to commemorate our experience together, and for me to have a token to look back to this day. After our adventure, I would want us to go somewhere we both enjoy, a casual restaurant, to eat. I would prefer a cute little restaurant that serves milkshakes and french fries, kind of like a little diner. We would both enjoy our dinner and share a milkshake together, cliche I know! I would want to take the back roads home because I would not want the night to end, and we would both end up driving around talking and singing as loudly as possible to our favorite throwback songs from our childhood. Once we go to my house, I would end up inviting him in to watch some movies because, again, I would not want the night to end. We would end up watching a movie we both enjoy, like a scary movie or something. Of course I would want things to get a little steamy, but not too much. I would want to enjoy a nice make out session and touching, but no sex. The anticipation is better. Then It would end with us falling asleep together cuddling. }