{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date would be completely planned by my fiance. He would surprise me by picking me up from work with a new dress for me to wear. He would be wearing the sweater I bought for him last Christmas. His hair would be swept to the side like he knows I love. We would head out for a nice dinner at a romantic restaurant that he had made reservations at the night before. The lighting would be low, maybe candlelit, and there would be soft music playing. We would eat all the food we wanted at dinner and share a dessert afterwards. We wouldn't choose anything that had peanut butter or caramel in it. He would have a glass of red wine, and I would take in the scent of his breath from across the table. \
After dinner, we would go to a movie of my choice. During the movie, we would raise the armrest between our chairs and get as close to one another as we possibly could. He would not be watching the movie. "Why would I watch people on a screen when the most beautiful girl in the world is sitting by my side?" he would say. I would wonder how I got so lucky.\
We would leave the movie and go to our favorite coffee shop downtown. We would stay there talking about nothing until they kicked us out. Then we drive around and find a park or a field to lay down in and just look at the stars. I am always cold, but he would have thought to bring me an extra jacket. We would stare up at the sky and talk about what our life will be like in the future. "My dear, you are even more lovely than this picture above us," he would whisper, as he softly kissed my forehead. I would fall asleep on his warm chest. He would let me sleep a while, taking comfort in my slow, even breaths, before carrying me to his car. I would insist I could walk, but he would say it is his pleasure. The night would end with him taking the long way to drive me home and playing songs he thinks I would like or that remind him of me. He would walk me to the door and kiss me goodnight. I would stare out the window until I saw his taillights disappear into the darkness of the night. After I had showered and crawled into bed, I would see a text pop up on my phone's screen. "I hope you enjoyed our time together. My love for you is greater than the distance to the furthest star we saw tonight. Sleep well, my darling".}