{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 An ideal date in my opinion would start with him picking me up then our date would entail mostly spending time talking and getting to know my partner.  As I am a pretty laid back person, I don't desire material things so going on a simple dinner date or picnic would be nice. I would enjoy getting dinner at a place with a small quiet outdoor patio or even getting sandwiches from a to go place and having a picnic.  As a first date, I would like to either go hiking or fishing so that a lot of conversation can take place. I really like to spend time outdoors and so if I would like to date someone who desires that as well.  If we have been together for a while, I always enjoy going to sports games with others, especially hockey games.  In the summer and spring, I like to swim and spend time with my friends.  I think it is important that they are able to have conversations with my friends, so that it is not awkward to be with both my partner and my friends.  I would suggest going to the lake as a group to interact with everyone.  In the fall and winter, I love to snuggle up and sit by a bonfire.  I think this is a great way to talk and get to know your partner even more.  My ideal romantic partner would be someone who is caring and compassionate and also a good listener.  Along with being a good listener, they need to be open so that I can trust and emphasize with them.  When people only listen to what others say and don't share anything about themselves it is hard to make a connection with them.  In my opinion, a romantic partner should be protective when they need to be without controlling my every move, this is a trust thing.  I always live by the thought of you should trust someone until they prove you wrong.  I would do that for them, so I would expect them to do the same for me.  Also depending on what season it is my ideal date may change.    I've always been attracted to guys that are family oriented and hard workers.  I think being close to your family really teaches people how they should treat others because you wouldn't want anyone to talk badly about your family so you shouldn't be talking bad about other peoples.  I think men who are family oriented growing up are typically also good with kids which is obviously important to think about when looking for a life partner. }