{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	My perfect man would have to think I am funny, he?d also have to be smart, honest, caring, funny, and generous. He would also have to have a good sense of humor because I am very sarcastic. He would also have to love dogs because I want five, but not cats because I am allergic. I would like him to enjoy spontaneous adventures because that is what I'm about. I do not want a man that is clingy, that is too much for me as a person. He is gonna have to deal with my sassy attitude that goes on basically twenty four seven. \
	My perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would be going to watch a movie. We would watch a comedy like, Why Him? so I could laugh at lot. Then after that we would go to Steak 'n Shake so I could get a cheeseburger, cheese fries, and a milkshake. He would have chicken fingers, fries, a milkshake and perhaps a salad. He would make sure to take the receipt and pay for it all because he is such a gentleman. Then we would go backroading for a little bit, and then we would go to a scenic view and look at the stars. Then we would watch Friends on Netflix till the break of dawn, after that we would part ways for a couple of hours, and then we would meet up again and go to the Zoo. We would go look at the penguins, brown bears (bear up), panda bears, black bears, sloths, tigers, lions, gorillas, seals, turtles, giraffes, kangaroos, elephants, hippos, cheetahs, sea lions, birds, frogs, and last but not least zebras. He would then take me out to eat at taco bell because cheap dates are the best dates. I would then suggest going to the Art Museum, so we could look at all of the artwork. I would crack jokes and he would laugh at them and tell me how funny I am. \
	The perfect date cannot just last one fraction of a day, it has to span out within a few days so you can experience all of the fun that you and your significant other deserve. You have to enjoy the time that you all have together because you never know when you do not get that time together anymore. Romantic dates are not for everyone, sometimes things like this change your mind. Honestly any date would be good with me, I am not a picky person. I love to go on adventures, and why not make it with the man I care about. }