{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 If I were to describe a perfect date with my ideal romantic partner, it would be on a cool summer night, outside in the middle of a big field. I say big field because I think privacy is the best for someone to really get to know someone. I would want to be laying in the back of bed of a truck with my date tucked under a bunch of fuzzy blankets, with good old country music playing lighting in the background on the radio. Laying in the back of a truck bed, cuddling up to my partner on the cool night, staring up at the stars in the middle of a field. To make the night even better, I would want there to be my dog, Bocephus, laying there with us cuddled up to us under the covers although he would just be wild and jumping around. There would be lots of sweet tea and hot wings next to us to munch on all night because those are my favorite things. Before laying in the back of the truck, a cute picnic while the sun sets would be ideal. My partner could make the dinner so it would be a surprise. We would sit in the middle of the field on a blanket eating dinner watching the sun set over the trees around us. After dinner, we would slow dance under the moonlight to the sound of country music all night until all the stars will brightly lit into the night sky. I am the type of girl who really likes board games so playing board games in the back of the truck under the moonlight. We could play monopoly and play all night but our favorite board game is Sequence. We could even go see a drive in movie afterwards and make use of the bed of the truck because you can watch the movie from there. We could bring our dog or take him on a walk through the woods and play fetch with him. We could start a fire later that night on the field and cook up some hot dogs and smores. I think it is really romantic and really nice to get to know someone with privacy like that, sitting around a campfire, singing along to Thomas Rhett on the radio while my dog howls in the back ground. it seems like a really cheesy date but I am extremely old school and find things like this romantic. I find this more romantic than taking a girl to a club or a party and getting to know them that way. A movie or a picnic or somewhere private is the best way to get to know someone.}