{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  I would wake up that morning with a text saying to be ready in 2 hours and wear something comfortable. I would shower and brush my hair and teeth, change into comfortable clothes, and eat breakfast while waiting for him to come pick me up.The whole date would be a planned surprise that I already figured out , he would come to my house with flowers, (irises, those are my favorite) and tell me we were going to get ice cream. As I hope into the car I realize that there is a basket on the floor board and blankets and pillows filling the bed of the truck. We would drive down a long winding background listen and singing to music and laughing at each other.The day would be a chilly fall day, the kind of day perfect for cuddling with a loved one. The sun would be setting, creating an amazing work of art in the sky. Finally when we find a place to picnic we would be out by a river/pond/lake. We would have a picnic with vegan pizza, sushi, peanut butter and jelly, sparkling grape juice, and homemade chocolate chip cookies. Obviously he wouldn't make the cookies his mom who adores me would make them, because he and she knows I love them. His favorite bands or artists would be playing like Tom Petty, Neil Young, or Led Zeppelin would be playing softly in the background as we sit and admire the beautiful space around us. We would tell each other about our days and crack jokes and laugh with each other. I would sit there with his arm around me, my head resting on his shoulder, his chin on the top of my head feeling the vibrations of him singing softly along to the songs being played. The trees would be buzzing with the noise of insects and animals as the sky started to be filled with the strobe lighting of fire flies.Then after we are done eating would would climb into the bed of his truck with blankets and pillows all in the bed and hold each other while watching the stars. Holding on to each other like we wouldn't see tomorrow. As we fall asleep to the humming of the wilderness and the light from the beautiful night sky. Then waking up in the morning we would wake up in each others arms and we would drive home make a huge breakfast and stay in for the rest of the day watching the office or American horror story while laying on the couch, ending our day perfectly }