{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal date with a guy would be going out during the summertime because it would be warm. He would come and pick me up in his car and open the door for me. We would drive and have fun singing to a bunch of old throwback songs because that is always so fun to do. We would start the date by swimming in the ocean and just having fun at the beach. Then we would go change and meet back at the beach for a candlelit dinner. There would be a blanket set up with pillows. He would have our favorite foods with him in a little basket and we would sit there and eat and just talk about life. After we were done eating we would walk the shoreline or maybe even go into the water and just have fun at the beach. While we were walking the beach the sun would just start to set and we would sit there and watch it. After the beach he would drive us to a gelato or ice cream place and we would go and get ice cream. After that we would probably go to one of our apartments or houses and just hang out or watch a movie. After that I would thank him for the best date ever and he would leave. To go into more detail, I think it would be really cute if he has some of our favorite meals (mine would be potatoes and red meat) with some of our favorites drinks like sparkling grape juice or something like that. We would be open with each other and tell each other about our lives. I really think that it is important to talk to each other about certain topics during dates like where you see yourself in the future because you need to see if this relationship is worth pursuing. I think that at this point in our lives we need to think more about our relationships lasting after college and seeing if these relationships are worth the time and the effort. I think a part of my ideal date would be him saying that he really sees us working out and that he wants to continue down the path that we are going. I think that it is important for me to know exactly where I stand with him because I don?t want to be lead on or let down. I really think that openness is a big thing for me on my ideal date because I really want to know what I?m getting myself into and I want to know more about them. I think it is important that we have deep conversations and not just talk about the surface level things. }