{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I would say my perfect date wouldn't have to be anything too fancy. I'm currently single and not really looking to be in a relationship, so I guess you could say I would be easily pleased with anything that a boy would want to do for me. I'm not really someone that needs extravagant gestures in a relationship, although every once in a while they can be fun. In college I would say a fun date would be something like having breakfast together, then spending the day outside like on some trails. I also really like to take road trips, so maybe a fun day of going on a quick trip and experiencing things in a new town and going out to dinner there, etc. That would be more of a big thing to do with someone. Concerts are one of my very favorite things, so I figure when I do get into a relationship I would like for him to take me to concerts and have that experience together. Little things just like a study date at a coffee shop or grabbing a quick bite to eat for lunch together are things that still sound very appealing to me since I am not in a serious phase of my life right now. I really like surprises that show how much a person cares about you, so I guess that would also be something I would enjoy. In high school once a boy surprised me for my birthday and told me to get ready for dinner, where he took me to my favorite place. So to this day I do still remember that just because it was so thoughtful. I would say meaningful things that like, that show the other person has paid attention to what you like and wants to make you happy, that's what would make a date ideal. It doesn't always have to be a grand gesture. I once had a boyfriend, who really sucked, and he always made me go fishing with him. I did, because I wanted to do what he wanted to do and make him happy. But at the end of the day we rarely did what I ever wanted to do, therefore there wasn't a good balance. I think that's what it's all about. If I really wanted to go to a concert, but maybe it wasn't my boyfriend's favorite artist, maybe he would still take me. And then later I would do something for him that I know he would appreciate, even if it's not my favorite thing. I really am open to doing anything he would want to, I like to try new things. I think I'm also at a very busy point in my life with school, work, and other priories, so I would probably just like to relax a lot of the time and do small things. I would be looking for someone that can understand my busy schedule and still make time to do those little things.}