{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My idea of a perfect date would be during the summer. When it is a good temperature out, not too hot and with a nice breeze. He would pick me up and stay for a while and talk to my family. I want to be with a guy who is close and comfortable with my family. Family is so important to me so finding someone that clicks with them would be ideal. Also someone that is comfortable with me. Someone that I could be myself around and he can be himself around me too. I want a boy who makes me feel happy for forgets about everything just for the few hours I am with him. A boy who will love me unconditionally, no matter my mood, how I look, what I am wearing. He should not care any of those things. He should just care about me and how much he cares about me. I want to be close with his family as well because well, we are going to be spending a lot of time together so we might as well be familiar with each others families too. I want a boy who will be silly with me and mess around with me but not to the point where he hurts my feelings. A boy who is religious and is willing to go to church with me even if he does not have the same religion as me but is willing to do anything for me because he loves me unconditionally. After he picked me up, he would roll the windows down and blast country music. Country music is something that gets my mind off of everything just for a little while. The craziness of school, work, and other little things going on in life. As we made it to the beach, we would stop and go to cute little restaurant on the beach. Those are my favorites, you?re able to hear the waves crashing on shore and you are eating with a view and the person you really like. I mean does it get any better than that? After that we would head down to the beach. Not too many people would be there, it is relaxing when the beach is sort of empty. There we would lay out and tan, go on a walk, and hang out in the water. As we were walking into the water, one of us would eventually end up pushing the other one in the water. I love the beach, it?s such a relaxing place to be. All my worries seem to disappear when I am there. It would be even better if I was with someone who I really liked. We would stay at the beach until the sun set, after that we would grab dinner somewhere. He would drop me off back at my house and give me a kiss goodnight and tell me he had a bunch of fun.}