{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The guy would pick me up at the door, and we would start with dinner. We would get pizza and cake.The pizza would be pineapple on one half and hamburger with bacon on the other, mainly because we couldn't decide on what type of pizza and decided on doing a two in one deal. During dinner we would talk about all our favorite thing. He would say how much he adores his dog he has at home and how he loves doing things with his family. I would tell him I like to travel the world and visit different countries.  We would laugh and be totally relaxed around each other. Then he would say how he wants to take her to his favorite place in town. He wouldn't tell her were she would be going. When we got there, the was beautiful. It was a secret park that not many people knew about. He said that he would play there as a child, and always wanted to have his kids grow up playing in the same park. He said he would want them to make as many great memories in the park as he did. After the park we would go see a movie, most likely action. If any Marvel movies were playing, that is what we would go see. If not them we would most likely watch a cute, romantic movie were we could hold hand and cuddle. We would also get popcorn with extra butter and sweet tarts.  After the movie we would go dancing. We would find a club, that is popular, but not too popular. Enough to were we can get in the door, but not be the only ones there. Also the dance floor would have to be a little crowded, but still have room so you are not stepping on everyone. Finally they would end their night taking a small walk, mainly to cool off from all the dancing. They would talk more about how they want to travel and see different place and experience new foods. She would say that she had a great night and she would love to do it again soon. He would say that it was one of the best nights he had had in a long time and that he couldn't wait until next time. After an adventurous night we would call it a night and he would walk me back to my door, but not before I got a goodnight kiss. Also we would make plans for our next date, and it would be out of town or even like a small vacation to a different town or state. I would tell him that I have always wanted to go to California and he would say that he will take me there one day. Also he would mention that he has never learned how to ski, and she said she  would take him one day. }