{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date to me would be unexpectedly coming up with a random idea, calling her and suggesting a surprise date for the night, and expecting to get a yes. After she agrees to a date, agree on a time to pick her up and going home to get ready myself. After getting ready and getting all fixed up, showing up to her house to pick her up with some flowers in the car sitting in her seat with a nice note that might say "You look beautiful" or "Thankful for you" on it to see a smile from her since that's your job in the first place, to make her smile. When she finally gets in the car holding her hand as we both go back and fourth as to where you want to eat only to end up deciding myself because she was too stubborn to pick a place or getting the typical "I don't care". Finally deciding on a nice steak house dinner or possibly even an Olive Garden dinner for two with a candle between us. After enjoying our meal then taking her out to her the get her favorite treat, all the way across town, Pineapple Whip. Then after going to play mini golf, or maybe even a movie. After enjoying our night out we stop by somewhere and get a bottle of her favorite wine and make our way back home to get into comfortable clothes and sit together on the couch, crack the bottle of wine and watch Netflix or an undesired chick flick until our eyes are heavy and we finally decide it's time to go to bed. Walking to the bedroom to go to bed and realizing the sheets are everywhere and the beds a mess, while she is in the bathroom, I fix the bed, make the sheets, and put away any clothes that might be scattered all over due to her trying on many different outfits before our date and all the random belongings that always cumulate on her bed throughout her busy day of work, school and extracurricular activities she has day after day. I realize everything is a mess and she would only appreciate that I am taking a few extra minutes to pick everything up and clean the room up before she gets in there, because it's all about the little things that make a person more appreciative of you. Shortly after she finally makes her way to the room and we lay in bed talking about all the plans we have the next day or simply talking about the future until we doze off. }