{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date would first be just getting to know the other person, in the case that I do not already know them. I would also want to learn as much as possible about her, and I would ask a lot of questions. Secondly, I would want to have fun. And, I would also want her to have fun. Some things I might find fun for any date would be attending a rock concert, going hiking, or going out to dinner. I would also make sure to compliment my date. I think the most important thing about any perfect date with anyone would be the location. Location is very important, because if one person enjoys the location and the other person does not enjoy the location, then you might know that that person is not for you. If she does not like nature, or rock concerts, then you find out more about her as a person. Another really important factor to a perfect date is how you present yourself. You want to have a good, eloquent speaking voice, and speak clearly. You also do not want to smell, so make sure to shower before hand. Depending on the person, you might want to shave. Or you might not want to, it is up to the person. Another really important factor to any date, or having any friend, is being able to talk to the other person and hold a conversation with them. If you can not do that, then the date will get boring and you might not see them another time. You also want to make sure you talk about the right stuff. If you are trying to establish a first impression, you do not want to come off as someone who is weird. Another good aspect of a date is being chivalrous. I think guys should hold the door open for girls, pull the chair out for them, open the car door, etc. I also want to make sure that I am nice to the girl, and that the girl is nice to me. If the girl likes someone who is aggressive, not nice, and mean, then she is not the one for me. These things are good to know when going out with someone. You should also make sure to be neat and tidy. If you drive, make sure that you have a clean car that smells nice. You should also make sure to stand out from other guys she might have dated. This way, you stand out and she remembers you and wants to see you again. You should also a feature that makes you stand out fro others, like a guy with long hair for example. }