{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 With the knowledge of what have, I experienced my ideal date with a romantic partner would be a small dinner at home with low lighting and peaceful music playing. Describing the specific details would raise my hopes up to the point where it would have to be perfectly in order to achieve that level of satisfaction, so simple and loose to small changes would be just perfect. Unfortunately, that's not enough so I will go into tremendous detail.\
First, it must be my place and the door must be white with a golden handle. The kitchen must have a marble counter with a gas stove because that is the best way to cook any meal. The windows must be to the ceiling and the couches must be dark red and made of leather. The meal must be vegetarian and the beverage of choice will be apple juice, no! Milk, 2% with a pinch of chocolate mix powder. The music must come from a Sony radio with two subs and it has to be heard clearly throughout the place where I live. \
The rest shall be up to faith on whether or not my date would actually show up because that is most likely than this abstraction of a fantasy coming true. Continuing on, let's just she happen to feel like a decent human being and decided to show up. The way she should be dressed would be in an all-white dress, hoop earrings, and all-white flat shoe, as to not scuff up the mahogany wooden floor I received as a gift from my late father-in-law who worked as a brewery employee. As she enters I notice her long curly black with blonde highlighted hair and compliment her on the way it carries and bounces with such volume. Once we exchange greetings, I escort her to the table made of Alaskan style glass and stainless steel legs. \
We sit down and eat an exquisite meal made from scratch, have an irregular conversation about of the time's politics then as the night progresses she grows tired due to the lighting and we soon retire to the bedroom where I give her an amazing massage and we both sleep in a California King size bed with White wolf imprinted sheets. So as we doze off into the dreams of the forever ever ending world of my imagination, I soothe her with my calming but masculine voice and as she closed her eyes to dream about a joyful run through the meadows of Montana I place my lips upon her forehead to wish upon her the best of luck to her with having an amazing night of slumber.}