{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my ideal romantic partner aka my girlfriend would be a day when I do not have classes or work the day after or the day before. Nothing kills the mood for me more than having to come home from stressful classes/work or knowing I have a lot to do the next day. To start off the day I would run into some surprise money from family or possibly my job that could pay for this entire day! Then we would start out with a great lunch at one of our favorite local places in town before heading off to go do a fun, adventurous thing that afternoon, maybe go to the zoo or theme park or something of that sort. Something completely out of the ordinary and daily  that we would remember for years to come. Then I would surprise her with something unexpected such as buying her a present or going backstage with penguins. It would also be fun to drive to a big city or a place we have not been before and explore. It doesn't have to be Chicago big, just large enough that we will have plenty of new stores and local spots to visit! I distinctly remember dates we would go on early on in our relationship four years ago like when we would make a spontaneous trip to Columbia or the Lake and just explore or when we went to the St Louis Zoo or Worlds of Fun, which much like its name was a lot of fun! We would spend all day seeing/experiencing new things and having a great time with each other. Neither one of us would get calls from family or work and we would be having too much fun to check our phones or news. Then we would go to a fine dining restaurant and have a quiet, relaxing, and romantic meal. We would reminisce over all the fun we had and just look at each other fulling understanding the other's content and love. No stress, no homework, no job exhaustion; just true, natural content and love. Afterwards we would go to the movies and have a good time. Horror, comedy, suspense; doesn't matter to me as I just love going to the movies, especially with someone I love. Bonus points if she leans against me during the movie! After all that, we would return home and cuddle on the couch and Netflix and chill before eventually falling asleep together. Then we could wake up the next morning, get breakfast, and plan the next time we can do it all again!}