{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Alright. So first of all. I do not know who my idea romantic partner is or is like. But, I do have a decent scenario of how I would want it to go. First of all, Whenever I go in this date, I hope I am a lot more financially stable, because this is going to get very expensive, yet priceless. I would like my perfect date to be three days long, just because you will see In a second why. So For our date, we will start by waking up the day before we leave for our three day excursion and eat a very delicious breakfast at a 5 star breakfast place in New York on a perfect temperature fall day. We must get completely different things so I can try some of her food though. We will obviously have our conversations about how fun out three day trip is going to be. We will then go back to our place and chill for a while. After chilling, we will pack our overly packed bags in my expensive car and head to the airport to go to our destination in Belgium, Germany. Before we leave, we take a brownie edible to sleep for our long flight. Once we land, we will immediately go get all of the classic German food and eat until we want to throw up. After we are done eating, go check into our hotel where we will be staying for the nest three days. We get everything situated and then take a very nice nap. After our naps, shower and get ready to go to Tomorrowland, a music festival in Belgium. We will immediately go to the water stations and fill our camelbacks with water. Then, go to the nearest food station to try out the delicious food they have to offer. After that, go to the first stage that we want to see whoever it is that is there we plan on seeing. Dance super hard because we just got there and had a very long flight in to Germany. After the first person, we start walking to the next stage, as well as talk about how amazing the person we saw was. After that, We then dance away to more amazing music. I then wait till a very emotional moment and make out with her to create an amazing memory, so every time I hear that song I will think of that very moment when I was kissing my ideal romantic parter who is super duper sexy. She has to be blonde and have an amazing very easy and unique personality inside and out. She also has to like the same kind of music I am listening to at the festival. But back to the festival }