{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would be a date with my girlfriend right now.  I would first get ready and wear something pretty nice so she would be happy and then go pick her up.  I would have to wash my car and clean it really good to make it look nice.  It is an old car so if i clean it up good she would be blown away by it.  Also maybe fix a few things on it beforehand just in case to make it so it does not have any problems.  I would get her flowers before the date but nor roses because everyone gets roses so they would be daisys because she loves those.  I would take her to a lot of different places such as the art museum and walk around forest park going to different cool places around there.  If it was cold that time of year then we could go ice skating at the place by there because ice skating is fun and neither of us are probably that good at it. After  i would take her to a very fancy restaurant.  I'm not sure which one i would probably ask her before but if she wanted me to choose i would find a place.  So i would take her to dinner and then get some really good food and a salad.  I would try and make her laugh the whole time.  After that i would pay for the dinner and she would let me pay for it and not try and pay for it because i am the man so i should pay for it.  After dinner i would take her somewhere really cool either in forest park with lot of lights or go to mainstreet.  But once it go a little later and dark outside i would take her back to the country where i live and probably go star gazing and maybe lay on the hood of my car because it is huge or get the truck and lay in that.  I also have a hammock so we could lay in that.  We would probably talk for a long time about life and stuff.  We would probably be out there for a long time just being outside because i like being outside.  After that we could go back to my house and watch a movie.  Preferably a comedy because i love comedies.  I would probably fall asleep during the movie because movies put me to sleep when i am tired.  She would spend the night at my house and then the next morning we would get up and go get coffee and breakfast at the original pancake house.  They have the best bacon pancake and bacon so i would definitely get that.  They also have gluten free pancakes for her because she can not have gluten so its the best for both of us.}