{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This is the perfect date with my ideal romantic partner. I would come to her house to pick her up around five on a friday or saturday night. I'm wearing a nice pullover jacket with jeans and my boots. I walk up to her house and knock on the door. She opens the door. I first notice her long blondish brown hair flowing, then her blue eyes, and lips. She's wearing a long sleeve shirt and vest with jeans and nice pair of shoes. I walk her to my truck and open the door for her. Then we go to eat at her favorite restaurant. We sit and talk over an appetizer and drinks, and then we eat dinner. After we're done eating dinner I hand her a necklace she told me she'd been wanting. I help her put it on. I pay for dinner and then we're on our way to the next part of my perfect date. I would take her out on my farm  around seven o'clock and into the middle of a field where I already stacked wood for a fire. I back the truck up to where the tailgate of my truck is a few feet away from the stack of firewood. I then lay down blankets and pillows in the bed of my truck. Then i light the fire so we can stay warm on this fall night. It is around sixty degrees and there isn't a cloud in the sky. We then get into the bed of my truck and wait for the sun to go down. Finally the sun starts to go down and the stars start to come out on a clear evening to night, a bonfire in front of the tailgate, with dancing flames. There would be a natural comfortability between us, the ability to talk openly and honestly on all subjects, and the gift of shared laughter. The date itself could be anywhere as long as there is a natural comfortably between us...is the quality of comfortably together that means more then 'where' the date is. We would just lay there and talk about anything and everything. She would be in my arms and the blankets would be covering our bodies keeping us warm. Finally I would put out the fire and take her home anywhere from one to three in the morning. I would walk her up to her door. Staring into each others eyes it would feel like it was just us two in the world, we would not want this moment to end. Finally I would hug and kiss her goodnight and she would hug and kiss me goodnight back. I would not want to let go of her. But I finally do and she goes inside. That would be my perfect date.}