{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  A perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would be going to a huge log cabin in the mountains and staying there. We would go skiing and ice skating during the day and at night just sit around a huge fire in our cabin. We could watch movies all night and just really enjoy time of relaxation together. My ideal romantic partner would probably be a girl that is about 5'10 with long brown curly hair. She would have huge brown eyes and be tan.\
So first off we would get up early and get all our skiing stuff together. We would both get ready and then go up the slope together. I would let her go first because she would be better than me. So she would go and make it all the way down the slope with ease and then she would yell for me to come down. I would try my best but I would wipe out twice before I actually made it all the way down the hill. We would do this for a while until it was a little after lunch time. We would go into a small town and eat at the local diner and meet some of the locals that lived there. They would tell us all about the history of the town and all the places that we should go before we leave. We would have our lunch and then tell all the locals goodbye. After lunch we would go find a ice skating rink. She would be very timid to go because she has never been before and is afraid that she would not be able to do it at all. I would tell her that I'll hold on to her and that it would be really fun. So I finally convince her to go and she absolutely loved it. We definetely fell quite a bit, but we both had a blast doing it. We skated for about three hours and by then we were both very tired. We decided we would go take showers and get ready at the cabin to go out to dinner. It was about 6 o'clock at this point and we were heading to a restaurant the locals told us we just had to go too. So we show up to this place and eat a delightful meal. We are both stuffed by the end of the meal and decide that it is time to just go back to the cabin and relax. So we payed our bill and headed back.\
When we got back to the cabin we decided to watch some movies. The first movie we watched was her choice, so it was more of a girly movie but still pretty good. The next movie we watched was my choice and I wanted to watch a horror movies because those are my favorite. So we turned on a horror movie and it turns out that she gets really scared during horror movies so we decide to turn it off and go to bed. We finally got to bed around 11 o'clock and just talk about how great our day had been. We decide that this was the best date either of us had ever been on and would always be the best.}