{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date is one where I make the day for her. I worship the ground she stands on and she knows this. I've done something similar once where I wanted the girl I was with to feel valued, so I took her to her favorite restaurant, her favorite store, bought her what ever she wanted. I didn't do this because she was materialistic, if she was I wouldn't have been with her, but I did this because it was about her. I spent hundreds of dollars in a single day for a single person, because to me money wasn't important, she was everything that day. That to me is the perfect date. If I had the entire day I would make her breakfast, do everything throughout the day for her, take her somewhere she loves and let her know the love I have for her. It doesn't have to be extravagant but it's for her.\
If I had to pick another "date" that I would cherish is if we didn't do anything. Nothing at all, maybe watch some movies, read a book, and enjoy ourselves. No matter what the perfect date is always the one where she enjoys herself the most. Making the girl I'm with happy makes me happy. The never ending circle of happiness works well for me because it allows me to make myself happy by making my partner happy.\
Being able to be silly and laugh with each other is a good sign the date is going well. I've gone star watching in the middle of a field to make her happy, I've bought her books off the whim because she thought one was interesting, I've even given a back massage because she was stressed. The ideal date is about her happiness and "date" to me is whenever i'm fulfilling that goal.\
My perfect date is a date full of happiness, the contents of the date aren't of importance so much as the things that we feel. That euphoric feeling of love, happiness, and anticipation of the next thing is addicting to me. For the perfect date to happen all that needs to happen is that feeling, with out it then the perfect date doesn't happen. If I were to plan the most romantic and elaborate date, we both could hate it and that's now the most expensive worst date in the world. I've been on a date like that, sure it was a nice enough date I guess but I didn't enjoy it neither did the girl I was with and neither of us wanted to do it again. }