{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Just alone time without the annoyance of anyone else, or cell phones. A perfect date for me is going out and doing something active such as mini golf. Also for it just to be easy and not require much effort to keep the conversation going. Dinner is always good as well. I don't like group dates as much because there's less time focussing on you guys. Allows for outside distractions, especially during first dates. If it's with someone you've known for a long time and have been dating for awhile then it's no big deal for there to be a double date. But at least for the first date, it should be alone to really get to know each other. There shouldn't be too much stress on trying to keep the conversation going, it should just flow for the most part. If you're trying too hard to think of what you're going to say next, then you aren't really paying attention to what the other person is saying and that's not promoting the relationship. Everything should just come naturally. I prefer to go out and do something active such as mini golf rather than a movie because in a movie there's not much talking. my last first date, there was a fall fun festival in town so there were a lot of booths and rides and what not. That was a lot of fun because it allows you the freedom of walking around and not being confined to a booth in a restaurant. Afterwards we went and got ice cream because who doesn't love ice-cream. You just kind of have to judge it on how the date is going. if it's going well then yea you leave happy, but if not then no it wasn't a good time. this helps with if you're going to continue trying to go on dates with this girl or not.  I prefer to go out and do something active such as mini golf rather than a movie because in a movie there's not much talking. my last first date, there was a fall fun festival in town so there were a lot of booths and rides and what not. That was a lot of fun because it allows you the freedom of walking around and not being confined to a booth in a restaurant. Afterwards we went and got ice cream because who doesn't love ice-cream. You just kind of have to judge it on how the date is going. if it's going well then yea you leave happy, but if not then no it wasn't a good time. this helps with if you're going to continue trying to go on dates with this girl or not.}