{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To start off the perfect date with the ideal romantic partner would have to first be with my ideal romantic partner. The partner would have to be funny, likely to be about the same person in personality as myself to find like interests in each other but with some other unlike interests to get each others attention so we would have more to talk about. The personality of this person would have to be both outrageous and strange enough to be deal with my quirky personality and slightly bipolar personality as well. Moving on to the date itself, my ideal date would have to be a simple dinner and a movie. The only catch is the dinner really, I would enjoy just sharing a high quality 3-4 course meal at a 5 star restaurant somewhere very expensive to eat. The reason to eat at an expensive restaurant to me is because my past love of food to get a taste of expensive restaurants and probably in my mind to impress this date. Otherwise, the meal would be just mainly for me with them getting whatever courses they would want and I would end up getting something like soup and salad, a big steak with mashed potatoes and asparagus, and then a dessert, maybe cheesecake to end it. I would leave the movie to be seen up to my partner that I was with, hopefully they would choose a scary movie, but chick flicks or romantic comedies would alright as well. If they were still hungry after the large 3-4 course meal then we would get popcorn and drinks but that would be up to them mainly after the meal. During the movie of course we would cuddle in the movie seats, especially if it was a scary movie they would probably just curl up with me and if it wasn't then I would probably slip a move anyway and cuddle up anyway. After the date I would like to walk them home and make sure they got home safe and have a long conversation just about anything that pops up. I would make sure I say goodnight and then make sure that they were home safe. If my partner would like me to come in like every other movie type romance happens then, I would but I would be very cautious with it because I would be in their home so I would respect their home and respect what I can and can't do. Before I leave I would make sure I got at least a kiss because that would be an ideal ending to the night honestly.}