{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date would consists of many events. I would first surprise my girlfriend with tickets to Italy. Our date would take place on beach, under the sunset. I would dress very nicely, wearing a full suit. She would be dressed in a beautiful black dress, wearing the most intoxicating perfume ever created. I would greet her with a giant hug and kiss, and then we would sit down to a candle lit table. The waiter or waitress would approach us, asking for our drink orders.The great thing about this restaurant is that there is so many things on the menu. The menu consists of over 50 meals to choose from. We both make out choices, and then we talk for 30 minutes until our food arrives. We talk deeply about our relationship that we've built and where we are going. We talk about when we first met, and how far we've came leading up to that very day. We talk about how much we love each other more than we ever thought we could. We enjoy dinner and dessert, and then we lay in the sand, starring up at the sky. Everything about this moment is magical. It is a moment that will never be forgotten. The moment is so unbelievable that we don't even realize how much of a great time we are having. Phones are silent and we are completely embracing each others presence. I turn on some soft music, and we lay there in each others arms. The ideal date is completely peaceful, therapeutic, and simply enjoying every moment without problems. The perfect date is so hard to have because so many things could go wrong. In order to have the perfect date, you have to have the perfect connection with a person. In order to find that connection, there has to be a history. You and your partner must have been dating for multiple years in order to build that chemistry. You have to be dedicated to making sure the date goes as planned as well. A simple dinner and movie date could be the perfect date if people were determined enough to make it perfect. The challenge of each date is to make it perfect. I wonder how many people embrace that challenge, or do they actually care about making their date go amazingly? Do they have any motivation to make their date perfect. In order to make that perfect date both people have to give their all to each other, and stick together.   }