{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I have had a girl friend for the past three and a half years. We grew up together, really. Her dad was my basketball trainer and we have been in the same small school from kindergarten, up until now in college. We have been on thousands of dates, doing thousands of different things, from just going to the movie theater, to being launched in the air on a "slingshot" ride. It is very hard to say the absolute perfect date because we both love doing so much stuff, but I do have one in mind i would love to do. I would have to start the day early because i know she loves taking a whole day to go out and do stuff together. We would probably start by having a small breakfast at our favorite cafe in our hometown. We always get the same thing, which is biscuit with gravy on top and hash browns on top of that. We always split it because shes full after two bites. After we ate breakfast we would go shopping and walk the strip. I know along the way somewhere I would have to get her a coke and a pickle, those are her favorite things. We would also play a game of mini golf, we are a competitive couple and we keep track of our wins and losses in mini golf. I would try and take lots of pictures for her, she loves pictures. Mostly the fact that she can go back and look at those moments forever. From the area we are in there is a "cruise" boat that goes around the lake, i would love to take her on a date on that boat. It would have to be the evening cruise so we could have dinner on the boat and watch the sun set and the stars come out together. We try and do that every night, it is hard trying to weigh in the time for that, but i know she would love seeing it from the boat. I would hope to have a candle lit dinner with some daises, those are also her favorite. We would go to the top deck and lay down together looking at the stars and talking about anything from when we plan to get married, to the latest TV show we are watching at the time. I would surprise her with some type of jewelry and chocolate as we are enjoying the night together. Then after it was all done and we were on our way home i would have to stay and watch greys anatomy with her until she fell asleep. She hates going to bed alone.}