{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date would include showing up to the girl's door with flowers and dressed nicely. Greet the girl with a hug, maybe a kiss. I would hold the door of the car open because I am a gentleman. We would go to lunch or dinner where I would buy the meal. After the meal we would go to the movies, maybe do a little cuddling and kiss a couple times. When the movie is over I would take the girl to get some dessert. Then, I would drive her home, maybe kiss in the car for awhile. Finally I would walk her to her door, hug her, and let her know I will text her when I arrived home. When I arrive home, I would text her of course and try to plan the next date. Depending on the girl I would make suggestions for a date and run the ideas past her. Of course, I would let the girl choose where to go and what to do on the date if she wanted to. The movie is optional but the restaurant that we went to would be a pretty nice place and I would let her order whatever she wanted. The perfect date would be phone free with all of the attention directed at each other. Hopefully laughs would be shared and the girl would enjoy herself. It would be very important that the girl is happy the whole time and that would tell me that I did a great job keeping her attention and that she really likes me. In the end her happiness is the most important thing. In the follow up conversation I would make sure that she actually enjoyed her time. I suppose if I had been dating the girl for some time she would allow me inside when I walk her to the door. I think the ideal end to a perfect date night would be staying the night with the girl. An added perk would be sleeping with her but only if we had been dating for awhile and she was asking. Happiness and consent are probably the two most important points in a romantic/sexual relationship. I think that having sex with a significant other after a date is the ultimate goal in today's society and the culture of the United States. Like I said, this is an added perk but not a necessity. In a romantic relationship it seems like the guy does all the work, spends all the money, and is in charge of making sure every date is super romantic and runs flawlessly. In my experience happiness is everything in a romantic relationship and if your significant other is not happy, you better find a way to make her happy very quickly or you will not enjoy your life. You may even be a single man if you can't plan great dates and keep the woman happy.}