{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I'm not too imaginative and I'm usually pretty content with what life give to me so I'll talk mostly about things that have acctually happened. The best date I've had, by far, was, surprisingly enough, with a girl with whom I matched on Tinder. Let's call her Kelly. I was working at summer camp, it was towards the end of the summer and there was only about a week left before the staff left. I use Tinder primarily as a method to alleviate boredom and so I have my distance set fairly high. When I saw Kelly's profile it was much like any other; there were a few flattering pictures, she was very beautiful, and a short, fairly typical bio. Two things stood out to me though; one, we were mutually facebook friends with my sister, and two, she had in her bio something about how she only swipes right if your profile catches her attention, which I saw as a challenge. I swiped right and I think a day or two later we matched. I asked her what about my profile caught her attention and she told me it was most because of my sister and it turned out that she was my older sister's little sister in their sorority. which we both thought was hilarious. We hit it off and talked as if we had been friends for years and even jokingly started planning our wedding. We decided that we wanted to meet. Our date  was a friday which was the last day that I was at the summer camp. This camp was near Springfield, she lived in Waynesville, and I lived in Jefferson City. My idea was to go on this date sort of on my way home from camp. We planned to get dinner and movie but I was done at camp a bit before noon so I asked her if I could come over and just hang out for a couple hours before the movie and she said yeah. So we were at her house talking and playing video games and I was having the best time of my life. the game she was showing me was very emotional and we really bonded over it. We went to see our movie and held hands through out the whole thing. When we went back to her place it was late and we hadn't eaten yet so she started cooking dinner. We ate together, finished the sad video game, and went to bed together around two in the morning. I'm asexual so I never tried anything. We never really talked about it but I think it made her like me more. We spent most of the morning on her bedroom floor talking. There was one point where we were rolling around on the floor together and she ended up propped up on top of me and I leaned up and kissed her. It wasn't that big of a deal, just a quick peck on the lips, but it was my first kiss and I'll never forget it. We ended up getting lunch together and kissed one more time before I left. The whole date lasted twenty four and a half hours and was one of the best things I have ever experienced. The only thing I wished is that we lived closer together and were still able to date. We're still friends but we live ninety minutes away and we're both broke college students. We tried it and it just didn't work.}