{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date would begin with a nice, low-key dinner. You can never really go wrong with a meal. The dinner itself doesn't have to be anything too special or expensive. I would rather it be a bit cheaper because the person I am with is the one that matters. As long as she is happy, then I am happy. After dinner, we would head to either a concert or a stand-up show. I love music so a concert would be a fun time where we can just enjoy some good music and just let the stress and worries go. The genre of music doesn't matter to me as I listen and enjoy every type of music. I find joy with any type of music. If I had to choose a band, I would pick a rock cover band as I grew up loving classic rock and roll. A stand-up show would also be a fun alternative to concert. Comedy helps me relax and it takes my mind off of any problems that I are on my mind. The comedian doesn't really matter either. If I had to chose one, it would probably Gabriel Iglesias or Dave Chappelle (if even still does stand-up). After the concert or comedy show, we would head to one of our places and just relax and watch a movie or TV show on Netflix. I do not have really any preference on what it is. After that, we would either go to sleep or I would take her home. That concludes my perfect date. It may seem like it is not very specific as I have never really put much thought into the perfect date. To me, as long as my date is happy, then I am happy. I am more go with the flow and work a better when I get to kind of improvise than have a set schedule. Risking sounding cliche?, if she is the ideal partner, then any date where she is happy is perfect enough for me. \
As for my ideal partner, I would have to say it would be a female as I am attracted to the opposite gender. Personality is the most important thing to me. We should have similar interest and compatible personality. Ideally, she would be kind, funny, and relaxed while also being driven to accomplish her dreams. Personality is great but she gets extra points if she is also physically attractive (This makes me seem kind of shallow). She should be someone who I could never get tired of talking with her or seeing her. She also needs to know how to handle me and not get tired of me.}