{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In order to have the perfect date you have to find the perfect person to date. That person is someone who I haven't met or though of yet. The experience I have had with most of my past ex's is that they are people that I just really wanted to spend time with. Most were all cool and unique in their own way and I wish most of them the best. So my ideal partner would just be someone who has a lot of hobbies, has a real passion for a certain thing I don't much care what it is so long as they have a real passion for it. That they live their own life, are fairly open-minded to new ideas and likes having their ideas challenged and can defend them on any day of the week. I would also hope that she is fairly attractive black hair would be nice. What would I do with the ambiguous person; honestly not way too much. First I say we go on the louis and Clark trail down 94 its a beautiful trail that I really like pick each others brains for an hour or so I would probably take them to corner 17 in St. Louis its a pretty expensive Chinese restaurant that I really love. Wander around the central west end grab a small something for desert and then just chill at her apartment see where she lives get a feel for the place. I really like to see how people design and style their homes. I guess if she was ideal she would have quite a bit of art maybe a movie poster or two see her book collection. That's kind of random but it would be cool then watch whatever she wants to preferably a movie I haven't seen or that she is passionate about. Then cuddle and go to bed. Why this is a perfect date to me is honestly just  because its a really long exposure time and usually I don't get to choose and they go to my house and I have to clean and shit its annoying sometimes I get to pick the place but for some reason people have a vendetta against Chinese its not way too fancy but its nice to me. Also I really haven't thought of my favorite partner because I get along with most everyone and I don't like people doing the exact same shit as me its kind of weird. I like learning about others not hearing about the exact same shit I hear from my friends. So it all really comes down to the person and what they do and I just want it to be different and unique. also take the character count off these things it makes people ramble for no reason}