{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date would involve really good (but affordable) food and one on one time with a girl.This would be started by a movie and or live show of some kind. If I had to choose a meal, I would choose some kind of seafood or pizza. For instance, I would pick a girl up in formal, but not too formal clothing, say a dress shirt with nice jeans/chino pants. That way, I'm still pretty comfortable while still gaining some mad style points. My car would be spotless inside and out, showing her that I'm a man of cleanliness and preparation, as well as showing her her importance. Then, we would go get some seafood, probably a chain restaurant because you don't find many local spots in Missouri. If I could be picky, I would choose a low light dinner; that being said, I still want to see my food and date. I would definitely order a desert of her choice (of course). That being said, she better choose something chocolate-based or I'll be slightly hurt. Now if we're talking pizza, I'd take her to a local Italian restaurant and order a whole pizza for both of us, preferably pepperoni and veggies with a side salad. I love to eat slow and just enjoy the meal, so I would want to be at dinner for about an hour or so. Since I'm picturing this date in September, I'd want to go on a walk with her and talk more, along with the reason that food digests better when walking after you eat. After we walk a bit and the sun begins to set, I'd take her to either a movie or live show. If it were my preference, I'd take her to something comedic or scary. I definitely would not do an inappropriate comedy because that's just awkward for everyone; nor would I do an extremely gory movie (like Saw). Heck, I'd even to a Quentin Tarentino movie. Although a Tarentino movie might not set "the mood", I'm not trying to round first base anyways. I can't say I've ever been to a live show, so I'm not one hundred percent sure on what that would look like. I will say that from what I've seen on TV and through social media, I can rightly assume that they are romantic. After the movie, I would drive her back to her house, all while jamming out to some killer tunes so she sees my weird side. Then I would tell her how much I enjoyed the date, and would leave her house to go back to mine. And don't you worry, I would text her back if she was the one.}