{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 When I think of my perfect date, it would be very casual and comfortable. The more comfortable both people are more inviting and aren't worried about how they look. When I go on dates I like to drive around and talk. Talking is one of my favorite things to do. There is no better way to get to know someone then just casual conversation, if the conversation gets into deeper content that is okay to. Emotional conversations can be great to know how each other feel in certain situations. I like to do one of two things when I get to the city or maybe even both. Go to the movies or to a new restaurant I haven't ate before. Trying new things is something I enjoy because I like to experience new environments. Going out to eat is a good place to be able to just sit down and have more good conversation while also eating good food. The movies are a good place to just chill out and watch a good film with someone that you really like. When picking a movie, I always like to ask if there is anything out she is really wanting to see, if not then you can?t ever go wrong with a comedy. Once we are done eating or watching the movie I like to drive home and listen to music once again. Music is something I enjoy for a little back ground music. When I am in a good mood I like to sing to it because it?s fun. I am an awful singer, so it makes it funny and I enjoy making others laugh. Then I ask if she would like to go to my house or to hers and hang out with my family or hers. I like to hang out with my parents. My parents have always been kind to girls I have been in relationships with. I really appreciate that they are really open to my friends and like to join in conversation when I have people over. If I go to her house I like to meet her family and if I already have then I like to talk to them and get to know them more. I think a good relationship with parents help them trust you more as a relationship. That is my ideal date with my romantic partner.     jhjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj jjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjjj}