{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date with my girlfriend wound probably be around Christmas time. I feel as Christmas is the best time to go out on a date because there is a lot more joy in the air and many festive things to go out and do. My ideal romantic partner would in my eyes would be someone who is decently tall and athletic. She needs to have good sense of humor and is very close with her family as family is a very important part of my life. Along with having a good family my friends and family need to love her just as much as I do because they will be around her a lot as well.  She would have to love dogs because I have a little puppy right now who will be around for a while the ideal date would probably start by going ice skating. While we were ice skating we would drink some hot chocolate. After ice skating we would walk around and go shopping for our families or whomever we need to get gifts for still. After we got done shopping we could go back to the truck and drive around down town and admire all the Christmas lights. At some point in time we would go get a bite to eat at a nice restaurant that we are already dressed up for. After dinner, my date and I would go back to the house and sit on the floor in front of the fireplace and warm up. We would turn on the hallmark channel and watch cheesy Christmas movies. As we were watching the movies my dog would be running around and messing with us as we played with her. I don?t need super extravagant date to have fun, as long as I would be with my girlfriend and friends life would be good.............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................}