{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect idea of a date is a long romantic walk on the beach after a nice little picnic with some country music on the radio and the waves crashing in the background. Afterwards we would go on boat ride into the sunset and watch it in each other's arms. After the sun goes down we would go to a country concert on the pier. Probably Luke Bryan or Jason Aldean or Kenny Chesney or Thomas Rhett. We would have front row tickets. It would be so so cool and fun and awesome. Another really really really fun date would be going to a professional soccer game and watching Manchester United beat Chelsea. We would ride in a limo to the stadium and also have front row tickets at half field. Manchester United would probably win at lease three to zero if not more. Then we would meet all of the Man U players after they demolished Chelsea and they would sign our jerseys. Another fun date would be going to a Blues hockey game and watching them beat the Chicago Blackhawks. We would see Taresanko and Pietrangelo and many other St. Louis Blues players on the ice. Another perfect date would be going to the St. Louis Arch and riding all the way to the top and looking at the city. Then having dinner at the three sixty roof top. Another perfect date would be jump in my polo and whip round to my girls house, pick her up and shoot down to Nando?s get a quick half chicken for free from my Nandos card with hot sauce. After this I would maybe pay for the meal depending on how much she?s eaten, we?d then jump back in the whip and skrt back to her yard for a little cuddle.  hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhjhjhjhjhjhjjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjjjhjhjhjhjhhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjhjjhjhjhjhjjhjhjhjhjjhjhjhjhjhjhjjhhkakfajkldfjj off fhfbhfhfehfrehfijfejifeusdfghjkl;asdfghjkl;sdfghjklsdfghjkl;sdfghjklsdfghjksdfghjkasdfghjkasdfghasdfghjkasdfghjasdddsdfghjksdfghjsdfghjfgasdfghjklasdfghjkllkjhgfdsasdfghjklkjhgfdssdfghjklkjhgfdsxgllkjszxcjklgfdsch;Liz;treazxxdrfvghyujmkol.;kuygvewwerijhgvzzxcvbnm,.lkjertyuiopiuytwertyuiopqwertyuioplkjhgfdsazxcvbnmmnbvcxzasdfghjklpoiuytrewasdfghjklmnbvcxzasdfghjklpoiuytrewqasdfghjklmnbvcxzasdfghjklpoiuytrewqasdfghjklmnbvcxzasdfghjklpiuytrewqasdfghjklmnbvcxzasdfglpoiuytrewqasdfghjklmnbvcxzaqwertyuioplkmnbvcxzasdfghjklpoiuytrewasdfghjklkmnbvcxzaqwertyuiopkmnbfdswertyuiopoiuytrewqasdfghjkl,mnbvcxzaqwertyuiopkmnbvcxzaqwerty}