{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For me, a perfect date would be a combination of a lot of things. I'm one that likes to be busy so I'd like to do a variety of different things. I think my ideal date is one that lasts for a whole day. Since this is with my ideal romantic partner I'm gonna want to spend all day with him. I'd first probably start with going out to eat for breakfast. My favorite breakfast place is First Watch so that's probably where I'd want to go but I always love to try new places so if he were to take me to a surprise restaurant that he likes I'd love that. After breakfast maybe it'd be fun to go to a local art museum or something of the sorts. Or perhaps a local gem. Depending on what time we're at in the day at this point, perhaps attending some sort of sporting event would be fun. I've always wanted to go to a professional tennis match as I play tennis so that'd be super cool if at all possible. Then maybe to a mini golf course after the match is over for a little night time mini golf. I always love a good game of mini golf. Then I think I'd want to go to the grocery store and buy food together that we could take back to my apartment and cook up something delicious together. Maybe make some shrimp pasta? Throw in some chocolate strawberries for dessert and we're set. Then to just relax and cuddle on the couch and turn on a good movie. Maybe a scary movie, maybe an action movie, whatever we decide on really. This would all depend, of course, on money being no object but It'd sure be the ideal date for me..................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................}