{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Because I know again that there is a character restriction, I suppose I will go into a lot of detail in this response so enjoy. I would begin by getting prepared. I would shower approximately two hours prior, as I have long hair and it takes a while to completely dry because I do not like or use hair dryers. After my shower I would put on deodorant. After I put on deodorant I decide what to wear. I would not want to go too casual or too dressy, so I would go with a happy medium such as khakis and a polo, or something of that variety. Right before I leave I would put on my nicest cologne, Guess by Marciano, and leave to pick her up. This is an unfortunate circumstance, however, as I have, for lack of a better term, a piece of shit for a car. But it is what is customary in our society so I have to live with it. The next part is arguably the most important. When I pick her up it is vital to make a good impression on her parents, specifically her father, so I would engage in clever conversation while she finishes getting ready. After I completely win over her father we leave to go to a restaurant. Not too nice, but nice enough. Restaurants are the ideal place to have a date, as it is the easiest way to notice the other persons little tendencies to see if they are the ideal mate or not. Things such as chewing with their mouth open, how they act toward the wait staff, and things such as that. I also test her occasionally. For example, I would purposefully not speak to see of she is capable of creating her own conversation. While the previous sentences were filled with a lot of more scientific sounding things, on a real note I would need to see if the other person is similar to me. As I have found, there can be no relationship with anyone, whether it be a romantic relationship, a friend relationship, or a family relationship, there cannot be a relationship without shared interests. No matter what anyone says, nobody can truly be satisfied with a relationship where you are too different from the other person. Anyways, I am a gentleman so after the restaurant, I would immediately take her back to her residence and reflect on whether or not I would wish to continue seeing the person.}