{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date would happen completely randomly. If there could be a perfect date, it would obviously have to be with a perfect girl; which could definitely take sometime trying to find. Nonetheless, once you find someone like that, the perfect date is finally possible. I'd say the date would start off picking up my romantic partner and taking them somewhere meaningful. This doesn't have to be expensive or far away, but a place that you both enjoy. For me, that would be either in the woods or simply on the beach. In my opinion, these are two of the most peaceful places in the world. This girls gonna have to find a love for fishing and riding four wheelers because this is most likely how the date would start. Once done with that, I'd be sure to take her somewhere nice for lunch, something fancy. Now, after getting some extremely good food, we'd go to just chill out and possibly get a movie. Naps also hold a special place in my heart, and honestly make me feel better. Now if possible, we'd hit a workout together. Nothing is more attractive than a girl who is willing to better herself and become healthier. After killing a workout, we'd go back home and I'd most likely make a great dinner. After whipping up an absolute monster meal, we'd just hangout on the beach and relax, having absolutely no worries, and just simply talking about life. These are the best conversations and really lead to you knowing the other person better. In all, I could really careless how fancy the date is. As long as it's quality time with someone you enjoy, that's all that really matters. All the best dates I've ever had have been extremely simple and elegant. If possible though, going to play with puppies would also be a great thing to do. I don't know a single person who doesn't love puppies, unless they're allergic which would be a tragedy. They always bring smiles, and if your girl is smiling, you're probably doing a good job, thus having a very good/productive date. Hence ending your perfect romantic date. In life, every person's perfect date is different; so to tell what your romantic partner likes, might be a little different, so try incorporating those things, to get the best of both worlds! Thank you for listening, and thank you for your time, regarding the perfect date with a romantic partner. }