{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I was never a big fan of the whole "dinner and a movie" kind of date. Even though I am a huge fan of both food and movies, it just never did anything for me. It's so basic and everyone does it. Maybe once in a while it is fun and spontaneous, but every weekend is a no go. So if I had to pick an ideal date, I would have to go with something along the lines of something adventurous. For example, going on a hike into unknown territory and then going to a restaurant neither of us have been to before would be fun for me and I think her. I have actually done something like this one time and it was last year in Chicago. Me and my girlfriend went to Chicago with my family and we went out on our own one day to explore the park just outside of downtown Chicago. It was new for both of us so we were just going with the flow. There were no plans for the day so we just did whatever we wanted and walked wherever we wanted. I've been to Chicago multiple times so I know a lot of good restaurants, but we both decided to mix it up. We asked our taxi driver where a good restaurant is. And we went to a very strange place that served every part of a pigs body to eat. It was decent food but the experience made it a million times better. So for me it's all about being adventurous and having a good time. It's not about spending a ton of money to impress her or to show off. Having fun is the only thing that matters to me. If she's having fun then I'm having fun. But before I plan anything I always ask if there's something that she wants to do. And if not then I (most of the time) plan something fun. Whether it's just mini golfing, a drive in movie, or doing something completely new. If I could do absolutely anything in the world, it would be going back packing in Washington and a picnic in the mountains or something along those lines. It's different and I've always wanted to go backpacking and picnics are always "cute" and girls love it. So I think that would be ideal for me if I could do absolutely anything. But I understand that is an "extreme date" and is not very possible to do when you live in the middle of Missouri. And it would be very expensive to fly out there, get a hotel, and all the necessities to do this. But I still think it would be a blast and both me and her would enjoy it. }