{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would be one that is laid back and provides an atmosphere that makes it easier to self disclose.  It doesn't have to be anything specific, just an activity that allows us to get in touch with one another.  I would want to be able to fully connect and get to know what my partner's deepest desires are in life.\
\
Self disclosure and comfortability are the most important factors for me when it comes to a date.  I don't need anything extravagant or any source of entertainment.  The only thing that I want to do on that date is communicate with the person that I am with.  I want to share thoughts and find different ways to grow as a couple.  Growth and change is the whole point of being in a relationship, for me.  Those who aren't busy being born are busy dying.\
\
The ideal date for what I am describing would probably be a simple dinner, whether it be in the comforts of my own home or a quite little restaurant.  If the date was located in a restaurant, I would prefer for the setting to be outside with plenty of greenery, low lighting, soft music, and under a starry night sky.  The food isn't as important to me, my date and I are willing to try any kind of food from any culture.  Our dinner would consist of open and honest conversation about our ideas for what we are doing here in this world, what we have to give as individuals, and what direction we want to be heading in our future.  After the dinner, we would go for a brisk walk enjoying the crip fall air.  The walk wouldn't have to contain any conversation as far as I am concerned.  The pleasure of each other's company and the appreciation of the beautiful night is enough said.  Maybe we stop by a nice pond and lay down to listen to the frogs and crickets play their beautiful song of the night.  The date continues with a thought provoking movie or a humorous tv show that gets a good laugh out of us both.  A glass of wine is possible during our show.  After the show we don't quite feel like going to bed, so I pour another glass of wine and put on the "Another Side of Bob Dylan" record.  The night starts to wind down and what follows is none of your business...\
\
That is the perfect date with my ideal partner.}