{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Because I've been moving around the country pretty much my entire life and playing hockey non stop, I've been blessed with the opportunity to explore many different states, mainly Minnesota, Montana, and now Missouri. To accurately depict my perfect date with my girlfriend I will have to talk about a date that I could do in each state, and my favorite places in those states.\
\
In Montana describing my perfect date is very easy. I would want to introduce my girlfriend to my host family that I lived with in two years. My host family consisted of my mom (Monica) my dad (Paul) my little sister (Bella) and my younger brother (Asher). After I introduced her to the entire family I would want to take her on a hike in the East Ridge Mountains of Butte, Montana. The outdoors became a huge part of my life while living in Butte and I would want to show her how much I liked that aspect of living there. I would also show the Butte Community Ice Center where I ended my junior hockey career and started my hockey coaching career. \
\
In Minnesota I would want to take her to my favorite Italian restaurant in St. Paul, Minnesota. Yarusso's Italian restaurant is a place that really hits close to my heart because it reminds me so much of my family and my childhood. The restaurant is in the neighborhood that my mom and so many of my cousins grew up in. After dinner I would take her to the Xcel Energy Center to a Minnesota Wild game. The hockey aspect is something that I would definitely want her to understand. \
\
Here in Missouri I haven't really been able to explore much of Springfield other than campus area here at Missouri State University. But I think I'd want to explore St. Louis and head down to Ballpark Village area. Also I would want to check out some of the other main attractions in St. Louis like the arch and the zoo.\
\
The most important thing for me to make it a perfect date, would just be to spend time with someone and give them an inside look at the things and the places that make me who I am. There's quite a few different sides to me and I really would like for someone to understand and be able to relate to every single one of them. Of these three dates the one I would want to do the most would be the one that takes place in Montana, because of how many great people and memories I have there.}