{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date is a winter walk through the country club plaza in Kansas City. When all the Christmas lights are up, and when everyone is in a festive mood. Walking close to each other to stay warm, with warm drinks. Maybe go watch a movie at one of the theaters. And then go eat dinner at an exclusive restaurant and take a scenic drive to the cliffs at Jacoma Lake. Take a late night walk through the woods, it's scary at first but the destination is beautiful. It's a cliff that overlooks the lake. Sit down and talk about life, learn about each other. Maybe have a deep conversation about where we came from or something. Then when we get to cold head back home and start the fireplace. Nap by the fire and maybe see where the night takes us from there ;). When it?s cold outside you just want to hold on to each other but at the same time enjoy the snow and all the festivities. On the car rides to each destination would also be a big part of the date, listening to the right music and talking with the right person. Maybe even skip one of the destinations on a spontaneous decision to go somewhere else. It?s not about the places you go as much as it?s about who you?re with and how you vibe with them. Every place becomes something special because of a memory and the person you can make the most valuable memories with is what makes a perfect date. I do not have a lot more to say about this. Everything i already wrote was my honest opinion. I just want to spend time with my significant other and have a spontaneous day that turns into something that I can remember as an "perfect date". I've had plenty dates I would consider perfect in the past and each one doesn't preside the other. They each were perfect for who I was with. Those are the dates that really stand out and that I value. So in conclusion a perfect date would be one that I can't think about off the top of my head but rather something that can stand out in my mind as one of the dates we've ever had. And I really like festivities. I also really enjoy being with the person I love in any and every way. Whatever activities we do it'll be something I enjoy as long as I'm with a girl I vibe with. This is me describing my perfect date in 300 words.}