{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would contain something along the lines that I will be explaining in this prompt. I would love to take my girl out or my "romantic partner" to a nice fancy restaurant. Yes, the cliche. I would want to dress fancy and wear something that my partner will find me in attractive. The ideal time of the day would be dinner time and would include on a day that is somewhat special, like anniversary or mine or my partner's birthday. I think the ideal date would be ideal if it is done on a special day that has a meaning to me or my partner. I would pick my partner up from her house or wherever she lives. Picking her up in my car would make it more special and ideal. After I pick her up, going to the restaurant with a reservation booked ahead of time. Ordering good food and having a few glasses of wine would make it more ideal. After we are done eating, going out to watch a movie. I think that would be nice to watch a movie that I and my partner is interested in watching. During the movie,  I would like to hold her hand or put my hand around her. After we are done watching the movie, going out to get ice cream from Andy's frozen custard.  They by far have the best ice cream that I have ever eaten. Afte we get the ice cream, going to a park to just walk around, hold hands and eat our ice cream. One of the things I love to do is to just walk around the park during the night and look at the stars. I will love to camp out in the park with my partner and spend the night. Wake up early in the morning and before the sun rises and watches the sunrise. As the sun rises, I would kiss my partner and hold one of her hands. As the day continues, I would go out with my partner and do many things like going for a hike or going out to get some breakfast. Even working out would make my date more ideal and enjoyable. Say after we workout, go back home and get cleaned up. After we get cleaned up, change into nice comfy clothes and watch a movie at the house or cuddle. Cuddling is one of my favorite things to do so it would definitely be a priority. With that being said, what I have described would be my perfect ideal date and something I would love to adventure one day with my romantic partner. }