{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Anytime spent with my boyfriend is a perfect date. We go together so well that we can just hangout and be goofy best friends and I will completely enjoy myself. If I had to construct the "perfect date", it would be a date that my boyfriend and I have already done except he would plan everything out for me and surprise me instead of me planning everything. On this perfect date we first went to the store together and bought a bunch of fruit, chips, drink, and sandwich stuff. I made us sandwiches and cut up the fruit and put it all into a cute little picnic basket. Next we went to an empty beach (I live on lake Erie) and had a quiet little picnic on the beach together. We ate food, talked, laughed. walked up and down the beach, and enjoyed our company together. After the beach we packed up and took a truck to the drive in movies. We filled the bed of the truck with blankets and pillows and cuddled up for two movies. We had drinks, popcorn, and candy. It was a perfect night together. After the movies we went back to his house and slept until 6a.m. we woke up and went and got Burger King breakfast together and wore the burger king crowns back home and slept until 10. The only thing that would have made it a more perfect date would be if he would have surprised me with everything, and bought me flowers. Roses of course. Anytime spent with him is perfect though and I would never complain about any date we go on together. All dates with him are perfect. He is my Ideal partner for a date and life.......................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................}