{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date I would say would definitely have to start out with being asked in a really cute and creative way. I would want the guy to come to my house to pick me up. He could introduce himself to my parents and at least have a bit of common sense to respect that my parents are there to try and protect me from a broken heart. Anyways, I would like to go out to a nice dinner and no, nasty McDonald's doesn't count. After dinner, I would like to go to see something really unique that might not be something that everyone gets to do all the time. For example, seeing an exhibit or going to a special tour of the royals or chiefs stadium. Then going to a movie or even going somewhere to watch movies or Netflix would be nice. I know that for me, it is important to see what the guys intentions with not only me but his future are. It is important to get to know him and who he is and the things he likes because if you clash with him and some of his interests things might not work out. I really love going to Italian food so that could be where we go to dinner. Maybe go bowling after or to just go driving around. I really would enjoy going on a date to the ice rink in the winter and then enjoy Christmas movies and hot chocolate after. I feel as if I have so many different perfect date ideas that would be so romantic. It is pretty funny that I have never even been taken out on a date before though! I think that guys at my age are still young and dumb so trying to get them to settle down is hard. I think its even more hard to get a guy who wants to settle down in college. \
\
I hit my 300 words so I will just copy and paste it again. \
The perfect date I would say would definitely have to start out with being asked in a really cute and creative way. I would want the guy to come to my house to pick me up. He could introduce himself to my parents and at least have a bit of common sense to respect that my parents are there to try and protect me from a broken heart. Anyways, I would like to go out to a nice dinner and no, nasty McDonald's doesn't count. After dinner, I would like to go to see something really unique that might not be something that everyone gets to do all the time. For example, seeing an exhibit or going to a special tour of the royals or chiefs stadium. Then going to a movie or even going somewhere to watch movies or Netflix would be nice. I know that for me, it is important to see what the guys intentions with not only me but his future are. It is important to get to know him and who he is and the things he likes because if you clash with him and some of his interests things might not work out. I really love going to Italian food so that could be where we go to dinner. Maybe go bowling after or to just go driving around. I really would enjoy going on a date to the ice rink in the winter and then enjoy Christmas movies and hot chocolate after. I feel as if I have so many different perfect date ideas that would be so romantic. It is pretty funny that I have never even been taken out on a date before though! I think that guys at my age are still young and dumb so trying to get them to settle down is hard. I think its even more hard to get a guy who wants to settle down in college. }