{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Something simple, watch a movie or go out on some trip that requires walking, like the zoo, and afterwards go out and have a nice meal and simply talk with each other about our interests, hobbies, etc. Afterwards, go to a different place for dessert and continue to talk and have fun. Anything more seems a little excessive to me and not necessary. But considering that I already have the person I truly want to be with, it's almost entirely up to her and how she feels. She does like surprises though, so I'll also set up an area at our home that has lights and candles and music that we would slow dance to. After some time slow dancing, I would tell her the one story that she loved, the one how we met and how I felt about it. And after I say the line, "You became my world," I would bend down on one knee and ask her to marry me. My ideal date with the person I love is the one where I will finally be able to truly show her how much she means to me, and how much I am willing to show her that it's true. Honestly, there would be nothing else more perfect than that, and there isn't anymore to that date that I would really want to add. Everything about her is perfect and this kind of date would be the perfect one for me.}