{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would be quite extravagant. Ever since I was very little I loved getting all dressed up when I was little it was princess dresses and my moms old purses and as a got older it became makeup, nails, and expensive dresses. I would love to have an occasion to dress up completely to get my hair done, flawless makeup, nails done, a very elegant long dress and fancy heels. I would love to be taken out all done up to a big fancy ballroom. The type of ballroom you might have seen in Beauty and the Beast or any other princess movie. I would love the ballroom to have shiny marble floors and for the lights to be dimmed. Its been a dream date of mine since I was little to show up to one decorated, fancy table for two in the ballroom. I love intimacy not in the way you are thinking of but I love it In the way that you become so close to someone, I love deep meaningful conversations. I love the undivided attention free from distractions that are always surrounding us in everyday life; no phones, no one else, no multi-tasking. A nice dinner, full of class where everything falls into place perfectly just like the movies. I then want to sit and talk about everything under the moon, I wanna know everything about you and I want you to know everything about me. I love the questions that make you really think and really dig into your feelings. I have absolutely zero coordination especially when it comes to dancing but I think there is something so romantic and pure about slow-dancing. I want it to be just like the movies and the music videos. With music playing like 'thinking out loud' by ed Sheeran, or anything to fit the mood. I just want to spin around the ball room in a long elegant dress that will flow with any movement, and in the end I want to be pulled back in close and just look into the eyes of my ideal guy. In that moment I feel like time would pause and everything would be pure, simple, and perfect, and I love that. Then there would be some type of special dessert and we could talk even more, then since this is a perfect date there would be a balcony where we could stand outside under the stars and just stare into the sky and get lost in the moment.}