{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal romantic partner, who I see myself going on this perfect date would be my future husband or the man I know will be my future husband. The night would start with, let us just say my husband, calling me and saying he has a date night planned for us. It would probably be a Friday night, after I have had a stressful week at work. I think that it would be sweet if he plans it all, based off of things we like to do. He tricks me and has me guess things I think the date may consist of, but none of my ideas are correct. So once he calls me, he tells me what to wear and what time that I need to be ready by. He tells me to dress up, so I wear a fancy outfit. This consists of a nice, long dress and heels. He will then come to our house and he is dressed in a nice suit and fancy outfit himself. He still does not give me any details of where we are going, so he just starts to drive. We arrive into a bigger city that is a little far away so we can have a nice mini road trip. We both like going on drives and being in the car together, so this is perfect. I would envision this town to be about an hour to an hour and thirty minutes away. Once we get to this town, we go to his favorite restaurant, that I have never been to, so he has to show me the best things to order. After we eat, we take a walk around the city. He knows I like aesthetically pleasing things and likes to take pictures, so we run into the city\'92s art museum. At the art museum, an Art Gala is going on. I get excited to see a lot of people there in fancy dresses and suits. He then tells me that we have tickets and are to attend the Gala as well. While here we take cute and artsy photos. We walk around the museum and admire the art. After the Gala, we get in the car and start to drive back home. Once we get near home, we pull over to our favorite spot and star gaze. This is my favorite thing to do, so we lay there and look at the stars. We end up staying in this spot looking at the stars and talking for a while. After we star gaze, we sit in the car and sing to some of our favorite songs and then we make it back home. By this time it is pretty late so we decide to go back home and watch a movie. We get ready for bed and then both snuggle in our bed and watch our favorite movie. He goes to the kitchen and brings up our favorite snacks. \
\
\
\
}