{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date with an ideal partner would be, in a way, somewhat stereotypical for me. I would enjoy going for dinner of sushi or Italian food and talking for at least an hour, if not more. I would like to take this time to get to know someone in greater depth. Assuming this is a first date set up amongst acquaintances, I feel that somewhere not too fancy is a good way to really start to get to know a person and how they feel about certain things. I would not want all of this conversation to be base level, though. I would of course want to get to know basic things about them like what their goals are for the future, where they work, a little about their family, their hobbies, pets, etc. but I would want to have some deep conversation too. I have always found base-level conversation to be very awkward. This is because once a baseline conversation ends, it ends abruptly and with little satisfactory resolution. If this was all the conversation was, I feel like it would make for a poor date. During this time period, I would want to talk about something interesting and meaningful to a person because I like seeing people feel passionate about things. I feel that seeing them speak about something they really like or care about is a good way to see who someone really is as a person. This is also why I do not like small talk conversations. When you are talking to a person who has real fire for something, a conversation can continue for hours. It makes you more vulnerable and human to talk about something that is deeply cared for, rather than something basic. After eating, I would probably want to go see a movie with them. We would talk about what we wanted to see and pick it together so that the experience is worthwhile for both of us (because movies are way too expensive to see something you do not want to see). This is not necessarily an important part, but it would be fun to go with someone who was willing to joke around with me during the movie. I enjoy making side comments and joking about the content and acting of the film itself. I think it makes the film even more fun than if I just sat there watching it. After the movie, I would see if the other person wanted to go get ice cream and assuming they said yes, we would go and just sit and talk again and laugh and have a good time to finish off the night. If all went well, I would hope to see them again and spend more time with them. To add to the date, an ideal partner for me is a male that is funny, intelligent, kind, and mature. I would prefer that they be the same age as me, give or take a few years in either direction, but otherwise, I do not care so much about any other arbitrary things like appearance or money.}