{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my boyfriend would start by him planning or surprising me with it. This would be nice for me because I usually plan everything we do and tend to plan more in advance. However, this night would be different. I would pick out an outfit that was new and made me feel beautiful. I wouldn't have to drive myself anywhere, he would pick me up at my house at the time he said he would. Upon picking me up, he would compliment me on how pretty I look. Also, he would be dressed in a nice outfit. Most of our dates are relatively casual, so it would be great to do something that feels more special. He would have it arranged for us to eat out at a classy, relatively nice Italian restaurant. It would be just a little bit chilly outside, and so on the way inside to the restaurant we would walk arm-in-arm. He would open the door for me and pull out my chair before I sit. All of the food would be authentic and fresh, which is important to me. The lighting would be romantic and there would be elegant music playing in the background. I would be able to order something new and exciting that I've never had before and love it. We would also order some kind of decadent dessert, like cheesecake or creme brulee. Even though I'm fine with paying for some things, this time he would offer to pay for it since it would be a special date. After we were finished eating, we would leave and drive to field in the middle of nowhere. My boyfriend would turn on our favorite song and ask me to dance outside of the car. The weather would be cool and crisp, and crickets would be chirping in the background. We would slow dance to the music and it would be just perfect. He would then lay out a picnic blanket in the grass and we'd lay out under the stars, talking about our lives and goals for the future. Topics might include the careers we want, where we want to live someday, how many kids we want, and any dreams we want to pursue. He might even set up his laptop and have a romantic movie ready to watch. We could cuddle up together and relax while enjoying the film, snacking on normal movie goodies. Once the movie was finished, we'd pack up and he'd drive me home, finishing it all off with a goodnight kiss.}