{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  To me, a perfect date would start with a proper way of being asked out. I would want it to be face to face. The guy has to be very mature and smooth with his words. After we got that out of the way, I would most likely want to enjoy nature. Those are the best dates. Long walks in the woods, maybe a picnic there as well. We would pack sandwiches and some fruit and eat on the top of the hill just watching the birds and nature. After that, I would enjoy swimming in the creek. Splashing each other and wrestling in the water. And laugh until the sun went down. After that, I would enjoy a nice four-wheeler ride in the dark. Him driving, of course, and me holding onto his stomach. We would drive through every square inch of property I own. After that, going back to my house and watching movies together would be the best. Cuddling, eating pizza and ice cream, and drinking sparkling grape juice while watching either a scary or romantic movie. Another amazing date would be driving to the city and eating a romantic dinner, preferably at The Cheesecake Factory. The boy also better be paying for the food and driving. Then after we eat and get dessert, driving backroads home, and then playing a little basketball would be fun to work off the food we just ate. He also better let me win. Sitting outside and listening to music on the deck talking about our childhood, our life now, and the future. Maybe enjoying a beer while we are at it. Another date I would like to go on would be leaving the state of Missouri and going on a road trip. I would enjoy a road trip to Florida. Going to the beach and staying in a condo. A week would be about good enough for me. Every night we go to a seafood restaurant and eat all we can. Then at night go back to the condo and make Pina Coladas and drink on the balcony just listening to the ocean crash. During the daytime, snorkeling and swimming with the dolphins would be something I would want to do. Another trip would be going out west. Heading to Colorado, and staying in the mountains just riding four-wheelers and enjoying the nature. Also heading to the Grand Canyon and hiking that. I have always wanted to do that and if my partner would also want to do that, he would be a keeper.}