{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 It is really hard to say specifically what an ideal date would be. I think it would have to start out with being with someone I knew really well. Boyfriends haven?t historically worked out extremely great for me, so I have come to the conclusion that my ideal boyfriend would be someone I have been friends with for plenty of time, and it kind of just develops into a relationship. An ideal date for me would not have to be something especially expensive or extravagant, but just something creative and thoughtful that shows he really cares. I like it when guys pay for me every once and a while because I believe chivalry should not die. Anyways, I played softball when I was younger and though I don?t play anymore, I now really enjoy watching baseball. I think it would be very nice to be taken out for lunch or dinner and then to watch a baseball game. Again, the meal does not have to be at anywhere very fancy or expensive, just at a restaurant that has a fun atmosphere that has good food. Ideally, I would not have to tell my date where I want to go; I can never seem to decide what I want to eat so I would just want him to make a decision and take me there. At the restaurant, conversation would be flowing well, obviously since we are basically best friends as I said earlier. After we finished our meals, we would head to the baseball game. It would definitely be a Royals game because they reign supreme over all other baseball teams. Although I know my date can?t control weather, it would be ideal if it was not blazing hot outside so I do not get sweaty and uncomfortable. So, my ideal date might have to take place in early October. I would not really want the really expensive close seats because in my opinion, the seats that are further up in the stadium are better because you have an aerial view of thee entire field. After the game, we would head back to one of our houses where we could cuddle and nap and probably watch The Office. If we were hungry again at this point, cereal or popcorn would have to be the next meal since those are my two favorite foods. With all of this being said, I really honestly would enjoy any date a guy thoughtfully set up for me. I love trying new things so any date where we could jump into a new situation would certainly be great too.}