{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am lucky enough to be in a relationship with my ideal romantic partner. Me and my boyfriend Austin have been dating for almost 2 years. We met in high school cross country and became friends before we began dating. Austin  is my ideal romantic partner because he is smart, funny, nice, understanding. Austin always knows how to make me laugh and make me smile even on my worst days. He knows exactly what I need when I?m upset and not only loves me despite my quirks, but has learned to love my quirks because that?s who I am. I love that Austin has always supported me and he has helped me through everything I have been through. He has loved and supported me through finding out that I have a incurable genetic syndrome, two shoulder surgeries in the recoveries, an estranged father, and all the bad days that come with those. But most of all what I love about Austin is how genuine he is; I never feel like I have to pretend or be someone else when I?m with him. He is my favorite person to be with and the first person I go to with good news, and the first I want to comfort me when I get bad news. I love Austin more than I can explain in words.\
My ideal date would be with Austin as he is my ideal person. We have always wanted to go and visit the ocean or the beach together. We have both gone to the beach separately with our families, and loved the experience. However, we have always talked about wanting to go together one day. I would love to take him to Galveston Island in Texas. I went to Galveston Island with my family last summer and it was the most beautiful place I have ever seen. The dolphins would follow the ferry boats from the island to the mainland and the water was so clear that you could see fish whenever the waves would come up and crash. I would love to learn how to surf with Austin or paddle board in the ocean. Me and Austin love to go swimming together and we usually go a couple times a week during the summer. Even after my surgery where I was not able to go swim, Austin and I would go to the pool. I would sit on the edge of the pool and dip my feet in while he would wade in the pool next to me and tell me jokes. That is why my perfect date would be just me and Austin at Galveston beach.}