{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I am not exactly an outgoing person, so I would probably prefer a simple meal between the two of us. Oddly enough, I only like talking to people that I am comfortable with, so I would more than likely be trying to keep myself from launching into a tangent over something random and off-topic. My partner would either be fine with staying quiet, or would be just as talkative as I am. Personally, I would rather they be the latter. It is nice to have someone who can counter my secretly chatty personality with one of their own.\
\
I would also like to go out and do something that does not involve interacting with a lot of people, so a trip to a bookstore or a hike would also be preferable. My interest in books would lead to conversations about their favorite works and would be an enjoyable, albeit expensive, bonding experience. A hike would let us talk to each other about trivial things such as the weather or what our favorite season is. We could also, towards the end of the hike or in the middle, talk about what we want in the future: Of our hopes and fears, or about our past joys and pains. It would be a chance to get to know who we are as people, and build trust between us.\
\
There are some things that I would like to do that involve larger crowds. Sometime, I would like to see a concert with someone, and that would be a perfect date for me. It would give us chances to figure out the other's taste in music, and what they like and do not like about certain genres. I also like to see movies, which is probably a cliche? and one that I gleefully buy into. We could share laughs in comedies, talk about how amazing that action movie was, cry together over touching moments in dramas, and hold each other through a horror movie.\
\
I enjoy the type of old fashioned dates that allow people to grow together and learn more about their partners and themselves. Dates such as seeing movies, having dinner, and simply indulging in each other's company have a special appeal to me. I am a romantic person, and I would like to have someone to hold and hold me, to know my likes and dislikes and surprising me with loving actions. I like someone who is proud of who they are, and who are unafraid to be themselves in front of me. I also like people who can challenge me intellectually and enrich my life through literature, art, and music.}