{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 	My ideal romantic partner and going on a ?perfect? date with them is a situation I think about frequently due to the fact that I am single, and I would enjoy to have an intimate connection. However, I suppose I will have to settle for writing it out my cheesy, straight-from-hollywood type of date. \
	First off, I do not have the car I have now because I have traded it out for a more economical, environmentally friendly car that presents a better image of myself before I pick her up. After driving to her house, I grab the bouquet of flowers in the passenger seat and walk up to the door. She answers with a smile and is genuinely surprised as I hand over the flowers. She invites me in while she grabs a vase for the flowers. Soon after, we get back into the car and head off towards the town. Through the rest of the day, and eventually night, we wind up going to numerous places. We visit a bookstore, a restaurant, and end up in a park. \
	The bookstore we go has the heavy smell of used books, the one I hope everyone is all too familiar with--I know I am. We peruse for a while looking through book after book. We share our favorite stories that we read while growing up and expose our most embarrassing secret, nerdy book obsessions. The bookstore has a cat that likes to mingle with the customers and we end up petting it for a while after looking. We end up in the corner with her head on my lap, a poetry book in each of our hands. Occasionally we would find one that is just too good to not share. After the book is read cover to cover, we place it back on the shelf, say a goodbye to the cat, and head out the door. \
	The restaurant we head to is one where sushi is abundantly served because sushi is our favorite food. We order a few rolls and eat from each of them and share different kinds. Classical piano music is playing in the background and twinkle lights occasionally flash every so often. We have intellectual conversations about life and living and passions. We?re laughing together and feeding off of each other's energy and love. \
	After wrapping up dinner, we head down the sidewalk and make our way to a local park. It?s Christmas time and the lights are hung up all around and light displays are all around us. We walk and talk and talk and continue to talk about anything and everything. There isn?t one point in the day were we run out of topics or words for each other. We end on top of a hill covered in snow, overlooking the park. As it begins to snow, we go in for a kiss. The End. \
}