{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 In my life I've been on a decent amount of good dates and a decent amount of bad ones also. A perfect date could range from a lot of different things for me because I believe that I enjoy s lot of things. If I had to envision one perfect date though It would go something like this. We would start at my house around 4 o'clock and just chill and lay around for a little maybe watch a little tv or just take a nap. Then we would precede to get food. Now this step is very complicated because picking the perfect place can be a hard task . If I had to chose one place to eat it would probably be Buffalo Wild Wings. We would head out around 5 and get to the restaurant around 5:30 as soon as we got there I would order a beer and then order a bunch of hot boneless wings and my date would order the same. After eating all the wings we would get some dessert. Either dessert nachos or chocolate cake and we would share it. After my date would pay the tab for me because that would be perfect. After would would go back to the house and chill because we would definetly need to let the food settle. At around 715 we would get ready to go to a saint louis blues hockey game. We would drive to the stadium blasting music and having fun. Once we got to the stadium we would get the closest spot possible for free. We would cproceed to walk to the stadium with out VIP tickets and go in through the back way to meet the players one and one and get autographs from every player and get my very own personal jersey and hockey stick from the coach. Then we would take our on the rink seats watching the game close up during the game the blues would rout the blackhawks 10 to 0. At halftime they would bring me on the ice to shoot for some money and I would win the money handily. At the end of the game we would go for ice cream at silkys and I would get an Oreo concrete. After ice cream we would proceed to my house to watch movies and relax the rest of the date and I would take my date home after a wonderful, awesome date. This would be a fantastic date because first of all I love sports and food. I also love the blues and meeting the players would be a dream come true. Being on the ice and winning money would just be an added bonus. Another thing I love is to be lazy and relax so just chilling and watching movies at the end of the night would top of the date in a perfect way}