{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would have to be in sunny Los Angeles, California on a warm summer day enjoying the gentle breeze on the beach with a girl who has blue eyes and brown hair and who loves exploring the ocean as much as I do. This date would be one for the books because it is going to be an all day and night thing. This date would be an adventure filled journey with life-changing experiences and obstacles that we would go through together and take pictures doing the adventures. I would later give her the pictures that we took. In the morning, I would make us breakfast on the beach and we would feed the seagulls with bread, trying not get bit by one of them. Eggs and bacon would be sizzling in a pan that I would bring and I would start a fire as well, hoping to stay warm in early morning hours. We would also have freshly squeezed orange juice and fresh fruit from a nearby market to enjoy. After breakfast, we would go shopping for her favorite clothes and shoes around the beach. We would also eat lunch at a restaurant of her choice on the beach. During the day, my girl and I would learn how to surf and windsurf. We would practice until we felt like we were professionals and then we would go deep sea fishing. After catching a few fish, I would store them in the boat and we would go parasailing on the same deep sea fishing boat. I would take pictures with our Nikon camera of us parasailing over the Pacific Ocean and give my girl the pictures for a memory. After all of this, we would head back to the beach and I would set us up a tent to take a nice afternoon nap in with plenty of pillows and blankets. The tent would have a lock on it because we do not want any homeless people waking us up or anyone messing with us. We would wake up late afternoon and start surfing again, hopefully not forgetting what we learned earlier in the day by a professional. At night, I would build us a fire and we would sip wine and roast marshmallows talking about our next romantic date and where it should be. We would then see who can run the fastest on the beach to and from the water touching the water and coming back to our tent. I would end the date by asking her a few questions to see if she is interested in me and I would definitely give her a dozen roses and some chocolates, also a kiss or two. }