{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0    I have never been on a date before so my knowledge on this subject is very limited. I guess the ideal girl would be under 5 foot 10 inches (because I'm 6 foot 1 inch), smooth skin, long brown hair, and laughs at my jokes. I think face and personality are the two most attractive assets on a female, so the other physical characteristics are not as important. \
\
   On television it seems like every date consists of dinner, movie, and then sex, but I don't think I would want to do any of those. A perfect date would not consist of eating a formal dinner at a restaurant,  because I am a very picky eater and I would not want there to be any weird moments because I don't like any food. I also would not go on a date to a movie because dates are so you can have fun and get to know each other better and I don't think sitting silently during a movie would accomplish that. And for the sex part, I assume we are talking about a perfect first date so I wouldn't do that on a first date.\
\
  A perfect date for me would probably be going to a Royals game, or some other sporting event with people we are both friends with. I think this would be a perfect place because my ideal partner would like sports (or at least act like she does), the sporting event would provide something to talk about in case there was an awkward silence, and going with a group of people would also keep awkward silences from coming up. \
\
   After the game I would take my ideal partner to Waffle House. I know I mentioned that I wouldn't want to take her to dinner because I am a picky eater, but I don't really consider Waffle House a formal dinner, and I love waffles so I would eat there. At this point, it would just be me and her because if it were our first date, then being with our group of friends during the Royals game would have broken the ice and there would be no more awkwardness between us. \
\
   Ideally, throughout the night we were making each other laugh and having a good time. The date I described is basically what me and my friends do in the summer, and this is no coincidence. My friends and I do activities we enjoy like watching baseball, and eating below average breakfast food at 1AM. If I were to date a girl, I don't think I would like her unless she also enjoyed baseball and waffles and other activities that I enjoy. My perfect date isn't limited either: I would also enjoy a night at the bowling alley or maybe a round at the mini golf course. But like I mentioned at the beginning, I've never been on a date so pretty much anything would be perfect.}