{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 First of all, my ideal romantic partner is a guy that shares the same interests as me, yet also has some that are different than mine. If all of our interests are the same, then where does that get us. No interesting conversations about our days and a lot of "Oh that's right, you were there too" kind of conversations. Instead, I want someone who can open me up to new experiences and passions, making me and them more rounded people.\
My perfect date with the ideal romantic partner would first consist of dinner. What we ate would't really matter, as long as there was stimulating conversation. Ideally, he would talk and I would listen, as I tend to talk too much. I really want to talk about things that matter, like genuine interests and hobbies, as embarrassing as they may be. Then, if everything went well, I'd like to go see a movie. But not to "go see a movie" , implying ulterior motives, but to actually go and spend time with the person. I want to nurture a meaningful connection between us and I don't want to jeopardize by moving things too quickly. Honestly, I think the idea of rushing to sex on the first date is kind of destructive to the blooming relationship and I am not that kind of guy. Ideally, the movie would be a comedy or a rom-com. I don't want a movie that is too serious, because I want us to have a good time. After the movies, I would take him for ice cream and continue to talk and have meaningful dialogue. We would probably go somewhere like Andy's and of course I would buy him some custard because I'm a true gentleman. If this is my ideal partner, then we are already really good friends. That would make it easier to connect with them on an emotional level. Also, being friends with him already would get rid of the awkward getting to know you part of the date. After ice cream, I would invite him over to my place and watch something on Netflix. Again, I don't want to rush anything, but instead I just want want to be around him some more. We would probably watch several episodes of the Office and snuggle up on the couch. This is because everyone likes the Office. Then, as he went to leave, I would give him a kiss goodnight and that would be the end of the date.}