{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date with my romantic partner can be many things. I am take joy in the little things and anything to do with my partner almost always makes me happy. I would say a perfect date would start out by shopping around at many different locations. I like stores like Lulu Lemon, Academy, Macys ect. I enjoy buying new things and make humor out of most situations. I love just being able to walk around and stop by different stores all while being able to be around my girlfriend. During the shopping period I would see her stop a look at a certain thing and really enjoy it and I would make a note to myself as to what it is. Then later on I would buy it for her and surprise her with that item. As we are walking around I would stop and buy her a small gift like flowers or her favorite candy.  Then we would go and eat and an higher end restaurant and take time just talking and making joke. I would make sure she orders what she wants no matter what the price. I enjoy as we just sit there without our phones waiting on our food and just talking to each other about anything and everything. Usually the place we go eat has steak so I order the filet and devour it when it comes down.  After that we would go to a different place close by for some dessert or something of that sort. It is nice doing this because again we just get to take our time and walk, forgetting about anything else we have to do in the world and looking forward to our desserts and getting back home. I would pick somewhere with ice cream and cheesecake because it is her favorite. We would sit there and eat it and afterword?s we would ask someone to take our picture of us all dressed up and full. Then we would start to drive home. I love driving with her because she shares the same taste in music as I do and we just make a fool of ourselves while we dance and sing. She is an amazing singer though I rarely get to hear her actual voice, but when I do my heart stops and my ears open while my mouth drops in aw.   To end the date would be to go back to one of our houses and just change out of dress clothes and into something more comfortable. We would pop some pop corn and get some of our favorite drinks. With all the blankets and pillows gathered up we would sit and ask each other what they wanted to watch and take some time picking. It is late but not to bad so we would be able top get one or two movies in. I love just being able to lay there with her all cuddled up next to me. She usually can?t make it past the first movie so she will doze off with her head on my chest and my arm around her. It is just so comfy and warm. As she lays there sound asleep I would chose another movie of my liking to watch. Usually I can?t make it all the way through the second movie so I will fall asleep not even realizing it. When I wake up to the main menu of the movie playing over and over again I pick her up and began to carry her to bed. Laying down and sleeping next to her is a great ending to a perfect romantic date.   }