{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date would be a simple date, but would have a lot of thought into it. I enjoy doing things that both me and my romantic partner enjoy doing. It would start with getting ready and dressing up. I would probably wear a blue dress, curl my hair, and have simple makeup. He would wear khakis and a button down. In college, so many days are spent in athletic clothes. It makes the occasion more special and important. We would go out to dinner, bonus points if my romantic partner makes reservations. Somewhere somewhat nice, but not too nice and fancy where I feel bad for going there. I think it would be fun if I picked what he got and he picked what I would get. I would enjoy walking around after dinner, enjoying each other and all of the things around us. It would be fun if there was some sort of festival going on, where we could walk around and look at different crafts, art, and talents. If the temperature was in the low 70s with a light breeze, I would not complain. After the walk, the perfect thing would be to go to the World's Largest Fork in Springfield, Missouri. It is actually where we ended up on one of our first dates, so it has a lot of meaning to it. Plus, it is the coolest thing in the world. We could just sit there and talk about anything and everything. If Thomas Rhett just happens to be playing in the background, that would make it a little better. After the World's Largest Fork, we could go get a sweet treat from Andy's or Hurts Donuts. I would get vanilla ice cream with snickers. He would get something chocolate, and wouldn't mind if I tried some of his. We would probably drive to a nearby lake and just look out. If somehow he had a convertible, I wouldn't mind. With the wind blowing through my hair and the radio turned up, it would make things a little more fun. \
\
I think it is all about who you spend your perfect date with, not what you do during your perfect date. I would pick a simple date with the person who I want to be with over an elaborate date with anyone else. It is the thought that counts, that both people are enjoying their time, and that they want to go on another date again. I think we get so caught up in society's goals for relationships that we forget to look at what we want from a relationship. I want someone who cares and loves unconditionally, who will be there in the worst moments and the best moments, and who will make me a better version of myself. Not one date could do that, but the perfect date would be a date that reassures that a person can and does do that. }