{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For me and my boyfriend I think the perfect date would be a trip to a tropical island such as Aruba. I would fly us out on a Monday and come back about ten days later. I would like us to stay at a resort and our room would be gorgeous with an amazing view. I'd want rose petals on the bed and I'd want a huge bathroom. I'd also want a balcony in the suite. I'd want to look out onto the ocean.In the mornings I'd want to drink mimosas on the balcony and have room service delivered. During the days I'd want to lay out on the beach, ride jet skis, tour the area, take a boat ride. I'd like to go exploring in the tropical forests. I'd like to take a private boat to a private island to swim with the dolphins and other sea creatures. I'd want to get pictures with animals we were able to see. The evenings is where I'd like it to really be romantic. I'd like to have nice dinners and of course be dressed appropriately for the occasion. I want to go to the bars and drink with my boyfriend and dance. I just want to have a good time. I'd want to use the pool and hot tub at the resort. I'd like to use those when no one else is using them. I'd want to get drinks for the outdoor bar and maybe even a snack or two. I'd want a day where we rent a car so that we are able to drive around the country on our own and see what there is. It would be a day that me and my boyfriend could focus on just each other and have a nice road trip. Throughout this trip I'd want my boyfriend to be so romantic. I'd want him to hold my hand and kiss me unexpectedly. This would help to make our relationship even stronger than it is at the moment. On this trip I'd like for me and my boyfriend to meet a lot of people that we would always remember. I'd like to even maybe stay in touch with some of them.I want this trip to be a big experience that me and him will always look back on. I want it to be a vacation that is hard to beat. One of the days on this vacation I'd want to go on a huge shopping spree. I'd buy so much that I would have to ship it back separately. I'd want to buy my boyfriend everything he wanted and I know he would do the same for me. I want to be shown all the nicest stores. I'd be a total tourist on this day.}