{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my ideal romantic would start off getting up early and going out to breakfast at Dennys together.  Breakfast is one of the most important meals of the day, and who does not like to eat at Dennys?  I would get the chocolate chip pancakes, hash browns, bacon, and a smoothie.  And what would make it even more perfect, would be that he pays for it all.  \
The next part to my perfect day would be to go pick apples at an orchard.  I would want to do this in the morning because if you go later in the day, then it could be really hot, and I know some people, like me, don?t like it when it?s too hot outside.  After picking all the apples we would go into the little convenience store and look at all the things that you can buy there.  I would also get something from their bakery because the food from bakeries where you can pick fruit fresh is always amazing.  Again, what would make it even more better is him paying for the apples and the bakery items. \
After we finish checking out, we would go out to lunch at Olive Garden.  There I would get a small house salad, breadsticks, and cheese ravioli.  We would take our time eating and getting to talk to each other and relax from picking and carrying around all the apples. Again, what would make it great would be that he pays for lunch. \
After going to Olive Garden, we would go to the St. Louis Botanical Garden.  At the garden, we would go to every single place you can.  We would also take a lot of pictures too.  Some of the pictures would be of us, and some of them would be of the plants I think are really pretty.  We would take all these pictures on a really nice camera, so that we would know for sure the quality is good. \
After going to the garden, we would take out camera to go get all of the pictures from the day printed out.  We would also buy a cute photo album to keep them all in so that they are easy to view and are kept safe.  \
After getting all the pictures printed and in the album, we would then go out to dinner at Texas Roadhouse.  At Texas Roadhouse we would get the two for $20 meal.  He would get the BBQ chicken and I would get the sirloin steak medium rare.  We would also each get one of the sides.  He would get the fries and I would get a loaded backed potato.  How we would pay for the dinner is with a gift card that a friend had given us because they know how much we love Texas Roadhouse.\
After dinner, we would go back to either my house or his house and we would watch Greys Anatomy until we got too tired to stay up anymore. }