{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date for me would begin with my date checking with me to see if I was available for the night. The he would come to my house to pick me up and not only come to pick me up but come up to my door to greet my parents and I. We would probably talk to my parents for a little bit since my parents need to approve of me being with this partner because I am very close with my parents so I am not going to date someone they do not like since they usually know what is best for me. So he would come in and we would sit around the living room catching up from the last time he saw them. We would then leave and ride to dinner, getting sushi since if he was my partner he would know it was my favorite. At dinner we would sit across from each other and talk and laugh just completely being distracted by each other with no need for cell phones since we would be so deeply in love. Even though he knows I hate it when he pays for things, he beats me too the server when I try to pay. Once again, he never fails to amaze me. Then after dinner we would go get ice cream since he knows it is my favorite dessert. We would go to Fritz's of course since it is my favorite place in St. Louis. He would order me a Carmel and Oreo concrete and then get one for himself. He tried to pay once again, but luckily I beat him this time. We would then sit outside enjoying the ice cream while the sun begins to set. He's so thoughtful when planning these dates, he knows the sunset is one of my favorite sights to just stare in awe at. While we are eating the ice cream and enjoying the sunset we would be laughing and enjoying each others presence once again. After this we would venture out to a drive in movie theatre. Now, these theaters are about an hour away from where we live so we would have a full hour to blast music as loud as we can singing and laughing with each other as loud as we can. This is one of our favorite things to do since hey, who doesn't enjoy belting their heart out to their favorites tunes with their best friend? Once we pull into the drive in theatre we would pull the car into a spot and set up the bed of the truck for us to lay on comfortably. This means countless pillows, blankets, and snacks or candy for us to enjoy the movie with. Laying in the back of his truck with cozy blankets and pillows everywhere is where you would find us. I would get to lay on his chest while having a view of the stars and my best friend right next to me all in one. We would then enjoy the movie, holding each others hands and laying close with each others presence-- having not a worry in the world. Hey, he might even end the movie with a romantic kiss. }