{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would start out with me coming home to a bouquet of roses on my dining room table and an outfit laid out on my bed that they picked. On top of my bed would also be a note from them that says what time they would pick me up from my home. Once they arrived at my door, they would then blind fold me and drive to a "surprise" location. The location would either be the beach, a fancy restaurant, a park, a fair, or a sentimental location that is important to us. He would then take the blind fold off and we would then have a picnic if it was at a park or beach. We would then stay out until midnight and then go back to his place where we would watch Netflix romance movies. Before we would turn on Netflix, he would give me a shirt of his to wear so I would not be uncomfortable from wearing my outfit from earlier. We would order Dominos and eat extra cheese pizza and hot molten lava cakes together with a glass of milk. We would eat and then spend the whole first movie talking and making fun of the characters in the film and also we would discuss all the plot holes and the predictable story line. I would then fall asleep on him after eating and half way into our second movie that night. Oh and there would be random making out during the date. \
He'd clean up all the food mess while I was asleep and if we weren't already in bed, he'd carry me to bed and tuck me in, as well as get into bed with me and we'd go to bed. Possibly bang.\
\
The next morning, I'd sleep longer than him and he would wake up first. He'd go to the kitchen after kissing my forehead and he'd make coffee and pour two cups, one of them made just how I like it. I'd wake up to the smell of breakfast cooking and I'd come into the kitchen and sit at the table while he cooked breakfast for the two of us. By the time he'd be done cooking breakfast, which would consist of pancakes, eggs, bacon and some hash browns, it would be about noon and so we'd finish breakfast and go and get ready for our days. As I prepare to go about my day, I would sigh to myself, but a sigh of delight as I reminisced about the grand adventure that was my wonderful perfect date with my wonderful perfect romantic partner. And yet there would be a tinge of sadness in said sigh, knowing that such a perfect date and wonderful evening was now over and done with, and that while such an event could certainly happen once again it would never quite reach such the same level of wonderment and delight simply because I had already experienced it, and that one day both of us would depart this world into the vast unknown of death and never experience such a day again. And so, as usual, right after the highest of highs I'd be suddenly struck with the lowest of lows, courtesy of my brain. }