{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal date with a romantic partner is a little embarrassing. I love romance but I am also very practical when it comes to dates. If we are both struggling college students, going to eat at a really fancy place may be too much. Do not get me wrong, it would be incredibly thoughtful, but I am sure we would have just as much fun somewhere cheaper. My perfect date is more of a whole day thing than an evening thing. The date would probably start out with us not really having anything planned. I am not usually a very spontaneous person, so it would be nice if I could be comfortable enough with someone to just do things in the moment. That is probably not the smartest approach to love but it sure sounds like a good time. I have always liked the idea of taking impromptu miniature road trips. There are quite a few beautiful hiking places I would love to take my partner. After hiking for a while, we could go and get lunch at a cheap but fun restaurant. I am a pretty casual person so being more laid back is probably the best. After that we could spend the rest of the time exploring the town we?re at or play with animals because cute animals plus a cute date is a win-win situation. Or we could take that time to do whatever my partner wants to do. A romantic relationship is a two-way street after all. When we get tired, we can go back to someone place and watch movies together. Or, if the weather is good, we could have a bonfire. Bonfires are one of my favorite things. Because I naturally touch people a lot, I would love to hold hands, snuggle, etc. throughout the date. I guess not having any expectations to act a certain way or feel pressure would be the ideal atmosphere for my date. I feel like a great date involves both people having fun and feeling safe with each other. Also, sharing what you love with the person you love is one of the most amazing parts of going on dates. Honestly, as I was planning this out, I feel like there are a lot of things I would be okay with doing that I usually would not just because I am sure to have fun with my partner wherever we go. I am sure this will change because the ideal partner will probably change to resemble the person I am dating at the time. Taking into consideration their personality interests will change the dynamic of ideal dates.}