{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I would not consider myself to be a particularly high-maintenance person or even say that I have any real expectations when it comes to what my partner has planned - if anything at all - for a date. I think the whole point of a date is that you are spending time with your partner. I am perfectly content with staying in or going out for a date because that is not what matters. What you are actually doing during that time and where that time is spent are less important than the interactions between you and your partner during that time.\
That being said, an ideal date for me would be anytime that we have set aside for one another  in order to learn more about each other or to just spend time together. Where this occurs means little to nothing to me. Whether it is over coffee at a diner, playing video games in a basement, or at some nonsense art museum is irrelevant. What's important is the connection that is being made and the time that is being spent together. \
Something that I do not find appealing is when interactions are forced and overly planned. In a situation like this, I think it is important that the interaction should occur and progress naturally. While we are together, if I were to mention really wanting to see a movie or really wanting a burger, and my partner agrees, we would would then go do either of those things. This would be a perfect date to me because it is perfectly suited to whatever my partner and I so desire in that moment, and it is not focused on or intending to be some flawless and planned event. Any date can be a "perfect date" as long as the time you spend together is more focused on the purpose of being together and experiencing things together rather than just doing something because you thought it was a good idea for a date.\
I think we are seeing a lot more malcontent in relationships recently, and I believe this is due to people's expectations being influenced by things like the media, films, and books. There is a major push for things to be "perfect." If he does not pay for everything, if he does not bring you flowers, if the date is not elaborate and well thought-out, if it does not end with a kiss, then how much does he really care? Are you really being appreciated? This is a flawed and unrealistic way to view dating. }