{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 He's average height, quite a few inches taller than me. Maybe 5'10". He's handsome with a sort of crooked smile. It's a million dollar smile, though. His hair is a tad scruffy. He wears a blue button-down and worn down jeans. I wear a yellow dress and wedges. I curled my hair. I feel self conscious and slightly overdressed, but he compliments me and assures me I look terrific. We start the night walking downtown. The bright signs light up the street and our fingers are intertwined as he leads me through the shops. We go to the arcade where we play various games and at the few that are two player games, he playfully lets me win the ones I am not so hot at. I kick butt at Dig Dug and Q*bert. They're my best games. He easily beats me at any sport themed games. I am ridiculously bad at them. After a bit, we leave and he takes me to my favorite restaurant downtown. I order my favorite dish, an egg cheeseburger, and out of curiosity, he orders the same. He takes a big bite, as guys usually do, and egg shoots down his arm. Surprised, we both laugh. I give him my fries because I do not like potatoes. We leave the restaurant and he takes me to the ice cream shop. Since I ordered dinner, I make him choose the ice cream. I drop mine on the sidewalk and he offers me his and we share. We walk back to his truck and he drives me back to our apartment. I lead him up the stairs and about halfway up, he kisses me. Soft at first, but then he kisses harder. I pull him closer and then I pull away. I pull him into the apartment and lead him to the bedroom... and... well, to be blunt, we have sex. It's cold in the apartment, but our bodies are hot. He kisses my neck and chest and nibbles on my ear. He undresses me and my dress falls to the floor, gracefully draped around my feet. My fingers struggle to unbutton his shirt but he doesn't hesitate to help. I undo his pants and he unclasps my bra. I lead him to the bed and we crawl under the covers and kiss again. We make love. Afterwards, we fall asleep in each other's arms and he holds me close under the covers. Morning comes and I wake up to the sun shining. I lean over and kiss his nose and he smiles with his eyes still closed. I get up and pull a t-shirt over my head and go make hot chocolate for the two of us. I top them off with whip cream. He kisses me on the forehead and leaves for work. }