{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date for me would include starting the date by going to pick up the girl, opening the door for her and doing something the girl wants to do, maybe going to the mall or going to shoot guns or whatever it may be, afterwards, i would want to get all  dressed up fancy and take her out. I would take her to dinner, a restaurant somewhere in town, We would go somewhere nice because its always good to make a good impression, we would eat dinner and then afterwards maybe go and get ice cream or go to a movie. Do something to kill some time, After that we could sit somewhere and talk for a little bit to learn about one another and then when its time to take her home drive her home and walk her to the door and kiss her before she goes inside. Another idea of  a perfect date would be just to hangout together and do something we both like to do, I'm an outdoorsman so i like to hunt or fish or shoot and we could always do something along those lines and spend the day together doing something we both enjoy and maybe just relax and then spend the afternoon sitting by a fire and enjoying the sunset or sitting by a lake or river somewhere and making some dinner for us to eat. Show the girl how much a gentleman you gotta be by always opening the door for her, and paying for  a meal or ice cream or a movie or whatever it may be. If its the first date then i would have to be respectful and not to try to rush anything or do anything to upset her, i would end the date with walking her home or driving, and then walking her to her doorsteps and kissing her goodnight, and just leaving it at that. I would not want to upset her by rushing into anything that she doesn't like. I feel like in a guys mind, the perfect date should be what they think the girl wants, not what the guy wants, so if the girl just wants to lay around and talk, get to know each other than that is what it should be, if the guy wants to just have sex then the girl probably won't like that and most likely won't lead to another date, the guy needs to think about what the girl might want.}