{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date would be a quiet evening alone together, maybe going out to eat dinner where conversation flows freely and naturally, without one side dominating the conversation more than the other. I can be very quiet and reserved until I start to open up, but I think I can carry \
 out a conversation pretty well, especially when I'm talking about something I'm passionate about where I can ramble on non-stop, so I would expect the same of my partner.Nothing makes me feel good like making people laugh, so someone who understands me and my sense of humor would be perfect. I don't get emasculated by who pays or who drives or anything like that, I would like it if we worked out a system where we alternate between who pays for each dinner so that we both split the burden equally. After dinner, we would go to one or another's place and just sit around and watch a movie/play video games/just talk about ourselves, our goals, our dreams, or just stuff we're interested in or passionate about. I am very much a homebody, and going to a place with a lot of bright flashing lights and loud music would make me anxious and uncomfortable. They would have to be understanding of that, if not also feel the same way. I get extremely uncomfortable when I'm made to sing or dance, whether in public or private, so karaoke or dancing is unfortunately out of the question. I wouldn't want to move too fast or rush into anything, and I'm still not very comfortable with my body or physical appearance, so romantic or sexual forays would stay limited until we're both ready. To further describe my ideal romantic partner, they would be someone of similar or greater intelligence than me, with a sense of humor and matching political beliefs and opinions. I'm not picky in terms of physical appearance (beggars can't be choosers, after all) but I do have a soft spot for girls with short hair. Height or weight also isn't a deciding factor, but I'd like them to be of similar age to me if not older, otherwise I'd feel uncomfortable dating someone much younger than I am. They would have to be kind and empathetic towards other people as I am. It would not work out at all if our views and beliefs were diametrically opposed to each other.}