{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal date is traveling to an exotic country with my partner and exploring their culture. I want to try new food, new activities, and experience things from another point of view with the person I love. If I could pick a few places to go they would be: Paris, because I want to visit the Eiffel Tower and would love to eat authentic Italian food, Germany because I would like to visit all the old Nazi camps and museums because that's something that i have always found interesting, and Alaska, because I want to be able to see the Northern Lights and experience a time period where it is always sunny, or always dark. I would also love to go on a cruise to a tropical island. On this trip I would like to have many different stops maybe at Florida and the Bahamas. In the Bahamas I would like to take my date on a boat to a private island and swim with the dolphins. When we are on the ship I want to lay out on the pool deck during the days and drink with my girlfriend. I'd enjoy the buffets on the ship and all the activities that occur. I'd want to go to live performances. At other times when we dock I would like to take my girlfriend shopping and go exploring. I want to be able to see what the countries are like. On the ship I would like to meet a lot of new people and maybe even meet lifetime friends. Most of all I want to make sure that me and my girlfriend will make memories that will last forever. At night I'd like to go the bars on the ship, dance and just have a good time. I want our room to have a balcony. Every morning I would order room service and sit outside to watch the ocean with my girlfriend. I'd also like to go out there in some of the evenings with a glass of wine to watch the sunset. I want the bedroom to be big and spacious so that it's not crazy hard to get ready each morning. I want to make a lot of friends on this trip and be able to hang out with them each day with my girlfriend also. I want to print a lot of pictures from this trip so that I will always remember it. I'd  post about it all over my social media. After this I would definitely plan for future vacations with my girlfriend. My main goal is to make sure that she and I have the best time ever together and our relationship grows even stronger.}