{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 First thing that we do is we both dress up real nice like a nice dress and slacks with a dress shirt on.  I would go pick her up around five or six and have the whole night planned out.  We would always ride to the place in my truck making it feel more romantic to me.  I like to be a old school kinda guy on dates so all my attention is on making her happy and making her feel like it is only her night.  We would go to a nice dinning place and order way to expensive food and some beverages.  The food needs to be neat clean food nothing sloppy.  With candles on the table to be corny, maybe even do the whole feeding each other thing. All in the plan of the night. Give her lots on compliments but not overdoing it, just make her feel special. If we dont go to a resturaunt then we would go out on a picnic by a lake.  Most of the meal is spent talking and connecting not really focused on the food.  Our phones are left in the truck so we don't have any kind of distractions.  The only thing need for the night is our company. Even if we did not have the money do go out somewhere nice we would be together somewhere doing something.  After we are done we can go on a nice ride through some back roads just listing to music and talking about anything The back roads are nice because you can watch the stars and really feel in sink with nature. While driving around normally we talk about our deep thoughts or just look around the nice views.  Might go around down town to see all the lights. If not in the truck then on forewheelers just riding around real slow. Maybe go fast a few times to scare her. I really like just spending time even if we are not talking making contact like holding hands is good makes me feel more connected to them.  If we can we would go see some kind of show or play or somekind of entertainment.  We would not get back home until late at night. When we do we brake out some home made wine to sip on.  When we get back home its fun to watch a movie that we both really like and cuddle.  The cuddling normally leads to more because we both love each other and kinda feel it, it is always nice to cap it off with making woopie.  Once we finish that normally we would lay in bed all wrapped up until we fall asleep.  }