{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 To me it doesn't really matter what we do. Even if all we do is the typical, dinner and movie, it is really all about the connection you have. The best dates are the ones where conversations come up organically and are actually a little bit more deep than just what my major is. Forced small talk is one of my biggest pet peeves. It's also very important that we each have the same intentions. When I am looking for something not very serious and she is looking for something serious, or visa versa, then it definitely gets in the way of developing a good chemistry with someone. For me it can kind of feel like wasted time when our goals aren't aligned which does not make for a good date. One of my favorite dates actually involved a little bit of trespassing. I'm from the Lake of the Ozarks and i know of a few scenic spots to go look at the lake and have a good conversation. I had been hanging out with this girl for awhile and there wasn't any pressure to really go on a typical date and she was fairly new to the lake area so we were just driving around and i was sort of a tour guide, showing her some of the sights. It was almost dusk so i decided to show her one of my favorite spots. It is right by a restaurant on a cliff-side called the Blue Heron. We pulled into the Blue Heron road and right before you go through the gate there is a road that is blocked off with concrete barriers and trees and there are a few signs that says no trespassing. It was a short walk but for someone who has never been there and was doing something illegal it probably seemed like it took forever. Once we got there we jumped down a ledge and just sat down with our feet hanging off the ledge. we had conversations about life goals, religion, politics, and all kinds of deep stuff. Even when it was quiet it was a comfortable quiet. There were not any forced conversations or mindless small talk. The only problem with that date was the fact that i did not want anything serious because i was about to move to Springfield for school and more importantly i had only been single for about a month after breaking up with my girlfriend of four year. She did want to have something serious and our difference in intentions was a little bit of a roadblock in our relationship.}