{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The situation is that I am rich and have a career in the MLB. Assuming that I like this girl a lot and I have feelings for her, I would want to take her to a nice Italian restaurant. We would both get dressed up in formal clothes. I would go pick her up from her house around 7pm. Then, I would compliment her and tell her she looks great when we are driving to the restaurant. We are both singing the lyrics to a popular song. We get to the restaurant and I let her order whatever she wants; it is a 5 course meal. I am being so funny, charming, and she thinks I am smart. This girl is a huge baseball fan and she wants to come to all the games and be my biggest fan. So, we finish our meal around 8:30. Then, we go see a movie with a love story so she likes it and Mark Wahlberg is in it so I can enjoy it too. We order a large popcorn and all the candy that she wants.For some reason we get a lot of energy; we want to have a party tonight. We both invite all of our friends over to my house. The music is turned up and everyone is having a great time. At this time, she thinks I am a lot of fun and the life of the party. I want the get to know her better though, so we go on the roof of my house with a blanket just to talk and stare at the stars. I get to know all about her and her crazy family. I get to know what she likes to do and what she is afraid of. She learns the same about me. She curls up next to me because it starts getting cold outside. I put my arm around her. She eventually looks up at me with her gleaming eyes and I lean in to kiss her. She kisses me back and asks if we can go on another date soon. I drive her home around 11. As soon as she gets home she goes right to her bed, cuddles up underneath the covers, and has the biggest smile on her face because she really likes me. On my way back to my house I start to think if I can have a future with this girl. I start thinking about what it would be like in 5 years. I get back to my house and everyone is drunk, so I kick them all out. I go in my backyard and get into my hot tub. I take a 20 minute power nap and feel very relaxed. I go inside my backdoor and my dogs are there to greet me. My house is trashed but there is leftover pizza on the table. I put in the microwave and eat a few slices. I turn on ESPN and watch football highlights for the day. Then, I call this girl and tell her goodnight.}