{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 First I would start off at the lake and we would hangout at the lake all-day and red jet skis and eat hot dogs, then I would take her home and drop her off and let her get ready for the night festivites. after shes ready I would pick my date up in a new car preferably a bentley, I would take it out and show off my new car and also the girl. From their I would take her to sushi because sushi is my favorite food. That would only be an appetizer though after sushi we would go to a very good steakhouse because that is my second favorite food. I would try to plan the date on a warm clear sky type of night, because those are the best. After dinner I would take her to go play mini golf at a very fun park or something of that nature. I would play till I was completely exhausted, finally I would round the night out with going to see a scary movie or a thriller, it is the best way to spend a long day. After the movies I would stop at dairy queen and get a blizzard those are easily my favorite things to eat in the summer. With all of that being done I would go home and spend the rest of the night in bed and watch a sports game or something of that nature so I could fall asleep well. I do not ever go on dates so this is sort of a tough thing that I have to describe. My dream date would be in San Diego on the beach somewhere. I love that place and that would be the only place I would want to have it. The second place I would want to have the date is somewhere in the mountains of colorado. That would be a perfect scene and a beautiful place to have a picnic. If my date was in colorado I would start the day and take her to a colorado rockies game because I am a huge baseball fan and that would be awesome. After the game I would take her to get dinner at a unique place and eat something new because that is also my style. I would probably try to eat at like a asian place because my girlfriend is part asian so she would help me choose something that is very good. After dinner is over I would go to back and drive out into the mountains just to explore, Colorado is full of amazing natural resources so I would try to take her on a hike and maybe camp out. I would build a fire and we could roast marshmellows in the fire. After that I would turn a movie on netflix and my laptop then would lay in my tent and fall asleep. We would wake up and then watch the sunset over the mountains because that is something you only get to see once in your lifetime if you are not from that area. }