{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would be with my husband that I'm absolutely in love with. I've known him for a very long time but I still feel that spark every time I see him and this date is no exception. We met through my brother right after I got out of college and dated a while before he proposed after winning the World Series. My husband plays MLB baseball on the Kansas City Royals and he surprised me during his time off to show me a perfect night. He's a pitcher and had a couple games off before he had to go back. I usually go to the games being how I live in Kansas City during the season. But I had been living in our house in Arkansas while he was playing some postseason ball and practicing a lot. He first ordered Mexican food (Steven special) from my favorite restaurant, Mojitos. He got extra chips and salsa because he knows I can eat those all night. We sit in bed and watch Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 together laughing every so often. We can both quote it by heart. We even had pillows on our bed that say "After all this time" and "Always." He then brings in some strawberry ice cream which extra strawberry chunks. We eat the whole pint of ice cream very quickly. After that he says he has one more surprise for me. He takes me out to his truck and we drive out into a pastor, windows down, and the country music is blaring. We park the car up on the mountain overlooking the city. He then pulls out a blanket and we get in the truck bed. We stare at the stars for hours while he sings "Yours" by Russell Dickerson and "Die a happy man" by Thomas Rhett to me. He reassures me that he will always love me and that I'm the girl he's always dreamed of. We talk about how we met and how he knew right away that God had put me in his life for a reason. We drive back to the house and hop back into bed. We talk until we fall asleep in each others arm and wake up to the sound of Hedwig's theme song in the back because we forgot to turn the TV off. In the morning, we get up and he has a fresh pot of coffee brewing. We sit out on the porch listening to country music and talking about the next game. He then packs up and leaves to head on the road with playoffs coming up soon. I give him a kiss goodbye and thank him for the perfect night. That is my idea of a perfect date with my ideal romantic partner.  }