{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date with my amazing boyfriend who I have been dating for just 10 months now, would be way different for me than it would be for most people. For the perfect date night, I would want my boyfriend to pick me up on a cool summer night in his red, lifted truck, wearing his cowboy boots with a pair of jeans. He would walk up to my door and come with my favorite flowers, which are white roses. He would shake my dad's hand, even though he knows him well and has shook his hand a thousand times. He would hug my mom and play with my brother, sister, cat and dog and we would leave for our night out. I would struggle getting into the truck because it is so high, and he would open my my door for me and help me up. I would be wearing my boots and a dress and he would take me in the middle of no where, preferably in a field far away from the city. We would lay in the back of his truck with blankets and pillows to make it soft, and have drinks and food. I would really want to watch the stars and the sky all night with him laying by my side. We have a certain constellation that we call "ours", so I would pray that we could see it very well that night and that there were minimal clouds. We would search for every shooting star we could find and each time use that wish for each other. We would talk about everything important to us and what we wanted out of our lives not only separately but together, too. The calmness and peace of being far away from civilization and only being with each other would be the best part about my perfect date. At the end of the night, we would go back to his house and hang out with all of his family and watch a movie until we decided that it was time for bed, and then we would go to sleep after an amazing date night. My favorite part of that date would not be the flowers, the food or the truck. My favorite part of the date would actually be the fact that he was respectful to my parents and family, that he was respectful to me, that he opened my door, and that he put the time, effort and thought into planning the date. My favorite parts of going on dates with my boyfriend are never the material things, but how he treats me and the love I see and feel that we have in our relationship. I will never get tired of going on dates with my best friend. }