{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date with my partner is hard to choose, I feel like there is several things that would amount to 'perfect' to me. One idea that is rather cliche but would be totally awesome would be to go to New York City during Christmas time. First we would get all bundled up and dressed up and we would go eat at an upscale restaurant, but nothing too fancy. This would all start right as the sunset. We would joke around and just laugh and make memories throughout dinner. Next we would walk around New York City, looking at all of the Christmas trees and decorations. We'd take a pit-stop and go to a bakery or something along that effect and get hot chocolate, drink one inside while we warmed up and take one to go to stay warm. We would then go to the ice skating arena and ice skate to beautiful Christmas music. However, we probably wouldn't skate too long because I would get cold. Then we would get cinnamon roasted warm pecans while we continued to observe the beautiful decorations and take pictures, stopping into cute shoppes and buying stuff we liked, along with buying Christmas decor. When we finally have had enough of the cold we'll go back to wherever we're staying, (more than likely a hotel), put up a small Christmas tree and decorating it. While we were doing this we would be wearing some adorable pajamas, jamming out to Christmas music, and baking chocolate chip cookies. When all of that was said and done we would cuddle up with lots of blankets, milk and cookies and watch as many of my favorite classic Christmas movies before we fell asleep. Movies like: Elf, National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation, A Christmas Story, Home Alone, The Grinch, Miracle on 34th Street. We wouldn't watch all of them just as many as we could until we finally fell asleep. When the morning came we would make a cute breakfast, probably pancakes or french toast and watch more Christmas movies. The ideal romantic partner for this date would be my current boyfriend because I couldn't imagine doing it with anyone else. We would have so much fun, and we would both just be so happy. His warm big body would pair perfectly with the chilly winter New York weather. I hope one day we can actually make this trip and take this date, but for now it will remain a dream until it comes true.}