{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I have two very different ideas of a perfect date.  The first one would be a whole day full of different activities.  It would start off with us going to Eckert\'92s Country Store & Farm or another pumpkin patch/apple orchard.  We would pick apples and take cute pictures in the orchard.  Then we would explore the rest of the farm and get desserts to take home.  After the orchard, we would go get lunch at Mom?s Deli and sit outside. I would get a Charlie?s Special, a Fitz?s root beer, and a bag of Harvest Cheddar Sun Chips, and he would get whatever he wanted.  Then, we would go to the zoo, see all of the animals, go to the sea lion show, and ride the train.  After the zoo, we would go get dinner at Texas Roadhouse.  We would get a Bloomin\'92 Onion as an appetizer, but for my entree, I would get an eight ounce sirloin and steak fries.  Then, we would go see a couple of movies at the drive-in.  After that, we would go get ice cream at Dairy Queen and then he would take me home.  My other idea of a perfect date involves little to no effort on either of our parts.  It would just consist of my significant other and me laying in bed all day and watching movies.  Not just any movies, though, I would want to watch my favorite and his favorite movies.  We would have a marathon and only get up to switch movies or get more snacks.\
	A date would not be perfect if I was not with my ideal partner.  My ideal partner would be a guy who is funny, sensitive, and does not mind the fact that I can be a little weird.  Also, he has to be good at cuddling and giving hugs, and he has to be able to pick me up.  If he does not have good sense of humor, taste in music, or does not appreciate good films, then I do not think he would be the guy for me. Obviously, most people would say that their ideal man is someone who has a great body, is cute, and is someone you can have fun with, but that is not really important to me.  I definitely want someone I can have a good time with, but if all they are ever doing is partying, I am not going to want to be with them. It would be nice if the guy was super attractive, but I honestly do not care what a guy looks like as long as they are a good person and they make me happy. \
}