{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date for me would be a week long in Florida with my boyfriend.  First I would fly to him in Florida and he would pick me up from the airport and take me to the beach where he rented a hotel room. The first day we would get a hotel room and spend the day at the beach tanning and playing in the water and building sand castles while we sip on some drinks. We would rent jet skis and ride around for an hour until we got tired. Then we would go get dinner and drinks and talk about how college is going while a band plays and there are people all around.  After dinner we would walk on the beach at night alone and look at the stars.  We would look over the ocean and hear the waves and feel the salty air and talk about how big the world is.  We would chase sand crabs and try to catch them with our hands.  Then we would go home and watch a movie.  The next day we would wake up and drive to Orlando and spend the day chilling at his house and watching Netflix. The third day we would go to Magic Kingdom in Disney World.  We would spend all day there and stay for the fireworks over the Cinderella castle.  At the end of the night we would go home together and sleep all night.  The next day we would hang out with his family and swim in his pool with his mom and little sister.  We would spend all day together and then go out to dinner at night and get dressed up and eat sushi and get ice cream. The next day we would go to universal studios and ride all the rides.  We would eat gyros and go to harry potter world and get butter beer.  We would ride the fun rides as many times as we could until we were tired.  We would eat at Margaritaville on the board walk then run to the car in the pouring rain.  On the way home we would sing songs in the car loudly.  When we get home we would be so tired we would fall asleep as soon as we laid down.  The next couple days we would spend in downtown Orlando seeing the city and swimming in his pool.  We would play games with his family and watch movies.  Me and my boyfriend would then drive back home to Missouri together.  On the way home we would talk in the car and sing songs and have a good time.  We would drive all day and night to get home because it is a thirteen hour drive home.  We would have had the best week ever in Florida and spent time together with his family and bonding.}