{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date would be an all day love fest.  One of the best dates would be in Nashville.  We would get up and go eat brunch at one of the many brunch places.  One of us would probably get a sweet breakfast meal and the other would probably get a lunch entree.  Have Brunch we would probably go see some form of the sites.  It would be very romantic to go somewhere with beautiful flowers and trees that just envelop you into nature.  After the park of sorts we would probably go to a museum or walk downtown.  The best place would probably be some place that had dogs running everywhere.  At some point we might pass by a flower shop and he would grab a flower or two for me and then I would just be head over heals.  Later we would go get dinner at a nice restaurant where we could split a good meal for a good price.  It would be great to have an evening stroll through one of the nice neighborhoods where the only thing to do is to imagine what the inside of the houses looked like and even possibly plan your future together.  Even discussing a future (if you have been dating a while) would be super romantic and show how committed that person is.  Later we would finish the night with a sweet kiss to the cheek then forehead then nose and finally a sweet peck to the lips.\
	Eventually if the relationship is meant to be I am sure there would be lots of difficulties.  Relationships are not always perfect but the moments that are can be fantastic.  Sweet, cheap dates are always a good way to put fire in the relationship.  Sweet little cheese fries and karaoke dates have to be the best.  The guy could get up and sing his passionate little heart to the one he loves.  That would be a great little make-up date in case there was a problem that had surfaced.  Eventually you will either break up or marry each other.  The ultimate goal is marriage.  You would have cute little kids and live in a safe little neighborhood in Nashville.  You would be superheroes in their eyes.  But of course, with kids comes trouble and you will  end up fighting and crying and eventually wanting to give in.  However you stay because you have kids together and he is the most love of your life and your middle aged with a mini van.\
}