{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  My perfect date is going away for the night or the weekend to a cabin or somewhere in the woods/country.  The reason why I chose this scenery is because it is quiet and you?re with nature.  There?s no sirens or the busy city life, it?s just you and your significant other. I could see myself waking up with my significant other, drinking coffee on the front porch, enjoying the morning. After our coffee and breakfast, I would like to go explore the woods/country side wherever we are at for a few hours.  I want us to just enjoy one another and for us to relax. Who knows we might run around like little kids and play games for a while.  If we went while it cold or snowing, I would love to stay inside and cuddle while watching movies and eating our favorite snacks.  For lunch, we could either go out to eat or just make a little homecooked meal but nothing too big, because dinner and desert is where it?s at. I just like to relax if you haven?t noticed yet.  For diner we will either go outside for a cute, little, healthy picnic out on a blanket facing the water or the fireplace.  The desert with be fruit covered in chocolate, but we will be dipping them ourselves because it?s honestly healthier for you.  We will end the night watching the stars, cuddling, keeping each other warm, while sipping some wine, eating more chocolate covered fruit if wanted.  In case you?re wondering who, my perfect significant other is in my opinion is someone who is loving, loyal, family-orientated, disciplined, patriotic, etc.  I want someone who is going to love me for me.  Someone who will stay no matter how hard it gets, who keeps their promises to me. I see him being happy with his life and job. I want him to have my views that everything happens for a reason, that there?s always light at the end of the tunnel.  The end of the day I want to be able to look at him and feel like I am at home just being in his presence.  I don?t want my past to affect the way someone loves me.  I don?t want my dad getting in the way once again.  My dad and most of my family always interfere with everything when it comes to me being happy. I want my significant other to love me for me and to take me away from everyone and everything.   }