{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I'm a pretty simple guy so I wouldn't want anything fancy but this has to be 300 words so it's pretty specific. I would want to spend a whole Friday around late August with my girlfriend. This way the next day would be for college football Saturday. I do love being outside though, so ideally my perfect date would take place at the lake. For this part of the date I would want there to me more than just us, maybe with a few of our close friends are with us too. But there is probably nothing I would love more than to go out all day and just do watersports on the lake with a female companion. I would hope she would be participating too, not just sitting on the boat being afraid of the water or getting her hair wet. Just go out and have fun. If she really wanted to win me over she could fish with me towards the end of the day. This is really pushing it to all be in one day but I think it would be fun to go to the driving range at Top of the Rock at night and shank some golf balls. I am not a good golfer but I think in general it is fun to wack some golf balls. I think it would be cool to just wander around with my girlfriend at Top of the Rock and just talk, chill, whatever. I would want to go out for some ice cream preferably at Braum's or Andy's to top off the day and then just go home, relax, and cuddle. Maybe watch a few episodes of the Office. Cuddling and watching the Office could be my dream date all together honestly. Ideally I would be playing video games around this time but it is a date and I realize she probably wouldn't like that. Obviously we would have eaten during the day, I would prefer Chipotle or Qdoba for dinner maybe a donut shop for breakfast. Can't go wrong with Chick Fil A for lunch, I know that is eating out three times in one day but this is ideally. Also after we leave the lake I would want to split up from being with our friends so that we can be alone. After all that I'm pretty sure we would both be tired so we could go to sleep, wake up the next day and I could watch college football gameday and she could stay with me or do her own thing. One big thing for me is that we don't have to be together all the time, I think that makes being together more meaningful and fun. And since we would be together all day on that Friday, absolutely NO school work or actual work to worry about.}