{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 An ideal romantic date would be first going to dinner at a "classy" restaurant with a sweet, funny, attractive woman. I imagine the perfect woman as either a blonde or brunette, most likely brunette.(sorry redheads and others) As long as she taller than about 5'4" I don't think we'd have a problem. Hopefully she's into sports, I'm trying to breed a future pro athlete to support me later in life. Ideally, she's going to have an incredible sense of humor. We'll be able to joke about anything. We would get to know one another while telling jokes that don't make any sense. I'd probably quote a few tv shows, mainly the office, if she doesn't get those then it's probably not meant to be. Then we would proceed to take our talents to a carnival where I win her heart by winning all the stuffed-animals known to man. I also imagine myself knocking her socks off by ringing the bell on the game where you strike the sensor with a sledgehammer. She'll likely be thinking, "Wow, I've never seen such a strong manly man. I want to marry him on the spot." Hopefully at some point in the night some other man would try to disrespect her, and I would step in and fend him off. If she's not in love with me at this point I'm not sure what else I could do. Maybe we'd see a movie somewhere in there(horror or comedy). Maybe I could convince someone to put Benchwarmer's or Step Brother's.(classics) Then I'd take her home and hopefully get a kiss goodbye. I imagine at this point that literal sparks would fly, and the temperature outside would likely dramatically change. Maybe a lightning bolt strikes the ground a few yards away from us.(a safe distance.) In conclusion, this may sound fishy, but that's just my personality and in my head this is my idea of a perfect date. I've written three-hundred words so I'm not sure what else to talk about. I hope this doesn't hurt your study but just take into consideration everything I've spoke of up to this point. I think now I'll talk about another great date idea. I'd probably take a girl to a basketball game and hopefully she's able to get into the game. Otherwise we will have a serious problem. If you recall what I mentioned above my ideal woman is interested in sports. Hopefully she's getting really into the game shouting obscenity's at the players and other fans. Maybe there will even be a cat fight that breaks out. So I hope you've enjoyed my idea of a perfect date(s).}