{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal date would need to involve food and something nerdy. Dinner could be almost anywhere, because I like most food. Although I would like a less formal restaurant to eat at, something casual like Texas Roadhouse or Buffalo Wild Wings or something. This way we can both wear comfortable clothes and be in a casual, comfortable environment. This time allows us to eat and also talk about each other's interests, values, hobbies, etc. We would be able to get to know each other while eating good food, and maybe having a few drinks, once we are both old enough. Then, after dinner, we would go see a good movie, preferably a Marvel movie or Star Wars or anything of that nature. I always think a movie is a good idea for after dinner, just in case you start to run out of conversational topics. The movie allows a break where your focus isn't necessarily off of each other, but you do get to escape for a little while. And since my perfect partner also enjoys these types of movies, it is something we are both still able to enjoy separately, while still being on a date meant for the two of us. Then after the movie we could hang out and talk about what we just saw and continue any conversation we had started earlier. This could mean grabbing a Hurts doughnut or just walking around the city. It would be something that could energize us a bit after sitting in the movie for so long. We could end the night on the couch playing video games and just relaxing at home. Most likely we would be playing a co-op game like Call of Duty or the new Battlefront game, something violent, or at least some game that we could play together. We would then go to bed and binge watch a tv show while we fall asleep. I like watching animated comedies like Archer or American Dad while I go to sleep, so my partner would hopefully be ok with that. It would be a fairly long date night, but would be filled with time learning about each other and having fun. Anything physical would neither be unwanted nor specifically sought after. If anything happens, it happens, but it will not make the night any less enjoyable if it doesn't. Overall, the date would be very casual and laid back, I wouldn't want any part of it to feel stressful and we would get to spend a large amount of time together. }