{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I think a perfect date matters more about the person than it does the activity. If you're doing something with someone you love, you'll love what you're doing. I'm planning a big date with the cutest girl I've ever met (Blair), and since I know she loves the outdoors like I do, I'm planning on going hiking with her in Fayetteville, but not after we run by chik-fil-a. Then we're going downtown to walk around some shops and just chill out together and then we'll see the new Thor movie in a nice theatre in town. Finally, we'll end by going back to her campus (she goes to John Brown University) and I'll teach her some basic piano lessons. No, that's not a euphemism, she actually wants to learn piano, and since I've played for all my life, it makes sense to me.\
\
I can honestly say that the best bonding experiences I've ever had with dates has been sharing our faith with each other. Whether or not you believe in Christianity, simply sharing religious experiences brings people closer together in my opinion. We have our faith in common and it's such a deep connection that we can share with each other, which is something I value quite a bit.\
\
My ideal romantic partner is someone who, first and foremost, loves God more than anything else, and she has to be the kind of person who's willing to go to Taco Bell. I don't mean that in a literal sense, but I need someone that's more concerned with spending time with me as a person than they are about what I can physically bring to the table, whether that be in terms of money, or even just fun activities. I won't always be able to provide a spectacular list of activities, so the person I date (and am currently dating) has to be ok with that. I also need someone that's at least slightly extroverted, because I tend to be introverted and it makes sense--so far, that's working out.\
\
Not to mention I want someone who's smart. I want someone who has a passion for life and an inquisition that a lot of people don't have. I want someone who has a strong work ethic and a desire to improve--stagnation is pointless. I want someone who can improve right along side me as I figure out life. For me, the gauge of that is someone that brings me closer to Christ. I believe relationships were given to us to glorify God, and if they don't do that, they're a waste of time.}