{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I have many ideas for an perfect date but first I must have the ideal romantic partner. I would love to be with someone that is from a small town with country roots but doesn't mind being in a city either. I want to be able to engage in things like rodeos, back roading, and country concerts with my partner, but I also want to be able to go out to the clubs together and have fun in the presence of city life and with many of our friends. I am looking for a financially stable guy as well as someone who is caring and trusting of me and our relationship. Although finances is not a deciding factor, I would love to have someone that I knew would be able to support himself or us together if needed. If I was able to find this guy the perfect date would start out by going to a nice dinner. I am not the type that needs a five star expensive and fancy dinner, but a place that we can enjoy together and be ourselves and still enjoy nice dinning with a relaxing atmosphere. After dinner I would love to go somewhere and play games and do recreational activities. I find that bringing out the inner child in someone is a great way to enjoy the presence of each other while still having fun. I would like to go somewhere that we could play mini golf, play arcade games, ride go karts and do fun competitive things together while still having fun. After enjoying plenty of time at a place where we could enjoy all these things, I would want to go to the grocery store and both pick out a drink and a snack that is our favorite. I think this is fun because it shows the other person a little bit about your self while having your favorite snack and maybe even sharing with each other! After getting snacks I would love to go put on comfy clothes and lay on the couch together and watch movies. One of my favorite down times is to be able to watch movies and be lazy, and it makes it even better to be able to do this in the presence of your idea romantic partner. Although I am a sucker for expensive, fun and cute dates, my perfect date would still consist of doing something fairly inexpensive while still having fun with each other. I feel that the perfect date doesn't really exist without the ideal person, making the question is there really a perfect date or is it the person your with making it fun and perfect. }