{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I never really thought about this, and I'm not sure which version you want. Do you want the fantasy version that will probably never happen or a realistic version? Well I'm going to give you the more realistic version. I like to say when it comes to dating me I am an old fashion person. I like the little things and not really about the flashy things. Looks are just bonus I go for me of a personality when choosing a date. Something I would like on a date would be a picnic, like that kind of old fashion. Really expensive dinners and fancy places are nice every once in a while, but guys think to hard when trying to impress a girl. I would prefer to go on a picnic somewhere with open grass and a lake or pond near by, and actually sitting on the ground and enjoying nature rather than sitting at an actual picnic table. Of course if you would to go on a picnic and sit on the grass then we would have to have a large blanket to sit on and eat our food on. A perfect date would probably be the guy actually planning the whole thing, no matter what it was or how it was done I'd be slightly impressed if he planned it all by himself or mostly himself. This is a hard question for me because a lot of different things could be a perfect date, and there might be something out there that I would like even more than what I'm trying to describe but I don't know it yet. As long as there was effort and love put in to it more than likely it will be a perfect date or day. Even if something were to go wrong it could still be perfect like for an example if a bird stole our sandwich that we were suppose to eat that could be funny and make the picnic more memorable than it would of been. The perfect date really does depend on how things go, like what he says what he does or what he does not do. I would like to say that I have not really had a perfect date or anywhere near a perfect one so describing something that I would want for something like this is really hard. A perfect date would be that person and me and having a good time in general you really don't need much more than that. You need love, effort, and both of the two people together. If you are having a good time and he is having a good time and your both laughing and having fun then that is a perfect date.}