{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date wouldn't be necessarily based on what we were doing or where we went it would be based on how well we hit it off. The ideal date would be for my partner and I to have no awkward silence, feel comfortable around each other, and be able to just carry on a conversation for hours. This would be amazing because we would become closer and create memories by just being around each other. If I had to choose an ideal destination for a perfect date it would be a trip over seas to a destination that we both have never been to before. I would choose somewhere like Paris because it Is the city of love or England, Rome, Germany. These places would create a romantic setting for my partner and I and this would be fun and adventurous. One thing I would be most excited for would be exploring the older architecture or castles. This would be a beautiful site. One place that would be super cool to go to would be the Eiffel tower and have my significant other and I have a romantic candle lit dinner on the top of the Eiffel tower. In my in vision we would both be dressed to the nines in the finest attire. Then to make it even more special we would be both having a fancy French dinner. Then after dinner to top it off have him lean in and give me a passionate kiss while overlooking the city of love. This would be a dream date because we would be able to see new sites, try new food, and explore. Trying new things such as trying new food and exploring new places will allow us to learn new things about each other such as what places we liked to see and what new foods we liked or didn't like. This would be very romantic and my ideal of a fun date because we could create long lasting memories and we would be able to treasure them forever. Also on my ideal date I would love to capture the moment. So during the date we could take several pictures so later we could look back on that moment. Also the pictures we take we could make a scrapbook and have a book full of memories with pictures to look back on after the trip. Also going over seas would allow us to learn new things about each other and explore a side of the partner that we have not. This would over all be a dream date because we could capture the moment, explore new things, and create long lasting memories.}