{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal date would be during the summertime. It would be hot but not too hot. It would be spontaneous, a spur of the moment kind of plan. We would pack some spare clothes, swimsuits, and towels, and head out. We would stop and grab some food to go, such as Subway my favorite fast food restaurant and then hit the road. We would go to some fun outdoor place not too far away, such as the lake. The entire car ride would be full of jamming out to all of the most random yet most perfect music. We would belt out anything from rap to old school Disney. The window would be down and we would just vibe to music and the car ride. We would both just simply be carefree and happy, enjoying each other and the day. Once we got to the lake we would head down to the dock and just sit down in the sunshine. We would eat the food we had brought, talk, and just sit there looking at the beautiful water. The sun would be shinning and we would both be getting a tan. Sooner rather than later on of us would push the other in, and it would be super funny. Then we would just swim and lay on the Lilly pad, soaking in the beautiful day. The most important part is that I want the person I was with to be someone that I could be genuinely myself around and they could be themselves around me. I want to be with someone who just loves me for me. It would be a dream day just to spend the entire day at the lake goofing off, swimming, laying out in the sun, and just genuinely enjoying the person I was with. There would be no tension or awkward moments. If there was a pass of silence the both of us would understand each other well enough to now that silence is okay, and just being there together with each other was enough. The day would seem to pass by in the blink of an eye, because I would be having such good of a time I would never stop and think about the time. It wouldn't just have to be the two of us on our ideal date. My family is really important to me, so I want a boyfriend I am secure enough in my relationship to know that it doesn't have to be just the two of us there to know that we are growing closer. My ideal date would have no pressure, it would be the kind of thing that whatever happens happens and I'd be okay as long as we are happy and having fun.}