{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal date would start by being picked up at my house. He would bring me flowers and I would introduce him to my family. I would also like to be able to get dressed up in a nice outfit, preferably a fancy dress, because I have never been on a date like that before. I would like to have the car door opened for me because that would be very romantic. I think it is nice for a guy to do that every once in awhile. I do not feel like men should do that for women all the time, as we can be independent, but it is nice. He would then drive us to the restaurant that we had agreed to go to when we set the date. He would help me out of the car and we would walk in my hand on his arm. I would like to go to a fancy dinner and be able to dress up. I imagine the restaurant is dimly lit and having large chandeliers, and vintage tables with small decorations all around. We would set reservations so we would be escorted right to our table.  The waiter would offer us wine and take our order. My date would be wearing nice pants and a dress shirt along with a jacket. He would pull out my chair and help me it down. We would sit and talk for hours about all sorts of things, like what we did as kids and what we love doing. I also love stories so I would have him tell me stories from his childhood and I would also tell him stories about me. We would talk about our goals and ambitions, but also talk about our families and what they are like.  After we were done we would fight over the check and then we would walk around the streets window shopping. We would learn about each other's tastes and maybe walk into a couple of stores. Then when It was getting late we would walk back to his car and he would drive me back to my place. He would walk me up to the front steps and slowly he would kiss me good night. That would be one of my ideal dates. I feel as though many people do not go on those kinds of dates anyone and I feel as though they should. This new generation is all about staying in or just doing things with friends. What happened to pick a girl up at her front door and taking her somewhere just the two of you?  I feel as though I am a hopeless romantic, but I feel as though this generation will lead to more breakups if people do not take the time to get to know each other properly.}