{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My perfect date with an ideal partner would be to hike or backpack through the mountains. My ideal location of this hike or backpacking trip would be in Colorado, California, or Wyoming. However, knowing that that is not idea for a college student, and that we don't live in one those places, there are a lot of camping areas within the Springfield and Missouri areas which are beautiful. It could be an afternoon, or it could be a whole weekend. If it were in Colorado, I would love to hike in the Keystone area. If it were in California, I think hiking by the ocean would be really cool, or hiking up to the top of a waterfall in Yosemite would be amazing. In Wyoming, I would love to go either to the Grand Teton National Forest or Yellowstone National Park. In Missouri, there are a lot of camping areas I would love to go too such as Johnson's Shut-Ins State Park, or the Mark Twain National Forest. The perfect temperature in which I would love to go to would be in the sixties to seventies in all locations. This wouldn't be too cold, but it wouldn't make us sweat either. \
 If it were a day hike, I would love if a guy picked me up early in the morning, and we would hike in the forest to a beautiful lake or an overview of the mountain that we just climbed. On this date, we would make a fire and cook our own lunch, and in the afternoon, we would relax. Towards the end of the day, we would pack up and clean our site, and hike back. \
If this was a weekend backpacking trip, I would enjoy hiking throughout the mountains all throughout the day. On a perfect trip, we would have a goal in mind in which we would like to stop and camp out, but we would not rush our hike. We would stop at scenic places along our way. Throughout this backpacking trip, we would laugh and have fun. We would talk about our lives, and our plans for the future. Since we would be backpacking for a weekend (two nights, and a only one full day) we would be able to pack and carry more normal foods. For breakfast, we would bring dehydrated eggs, and simple breakfast bars, and we might bring a small bottle of juice. For lunch, we would bring something quick and easy such as a peanut butter and jelly sandwich, with some dried fruits and nuts. However, at dinner, we would have something big like instant potatoes, or instant soups. Even though we would have to bring our own food, we would not miss out on the dessert, such as materials for smores. }