{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 A perfect date with my ideal romantic partner would not include the typical movie. I want to be able to talk to the person that I am spending my time with. Some sort of food, most likely dinner, would be preferred. But I would also want something that is different. I would enjoy going to a place that I have never been or learning about something that I had no knowledge of beforehand. I would not want to be on a schedule, or feel rushed. A date is one those events in life that should always have the motto "go with the flow" attached to it. What I more concerned with is the emotions that I would want to feel on the date. I want to be happy, excited, surprised, or thrilled. At the end of the night if I am not feeling, at the very least, content, then I highly doubt that I would consider it a successful date. I have only ever been on a few dates and all of them were not good experiences or things that I would ever reference when talking about happiness. But those dates did teach me what I do not want, and little bit of what I do. I do not want awkward, uncomfortable silence, or for the conversation to seem, in any way shape or form, forced. I want a little bit of fire. Someone he can shock me. I want someone who will not bend to my every whim. I do not want to plan the date, but I want my partner to know me enough to know that I will like it, if not love it. When the date is over I want to feel like I do not want to leave yet. Like we have not finished our conversation. I have been on the receiving end of the typical "I had fun tonight." text, after the most silent date of my life. I never responded to that text, and to this day it is one the things that I am most ashamed about. But what reply should I have given? "No, you did not." Or the cynical part of me wanted to say "Why? I did not." or "Why are you lying?" I saw that guy about a year later, at my work, and I had to stand there and take his order, along with his family's, with all of that shame and guilt weighing me down. My fight or flight response kicked in, and I really just wanted to go hide in the back of the storage room. Now when I think about that entire situation I do not have a single good though or emotion. It is not at all about the actual date itself. It is about how you feel about your time spent with a specific person. But if the date does end in a good light, it does not reflect well on the person that planned the disaster. I am not blaming it entirely on him. I know that I should have tried more, and ultimately I think it came down to the fact that we had absolutely no chemistry, which is another priority of mine.}