{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
An ideal romantic date that I would like to have with my partner would probably consist of a few different things. I am not very interested in spending lots of money to have a good time. I would really like to spend the day together. Have lunch in the park somewhere. Nothing fancy or extravagant or expensive. Just a simple lunch while sitting in the park enjoying each other company and the scenery. After that, I would like to just ride around and talk about different things and listen to music. Whenever that got done, I would really like to throw blankets out and lay in an open field somewhere and just look at the stars and talk. I just would like to spend some quality time together and enjoy each other company. After sitting out and watching the stars, I would like to go to a small shop or something and grab a drink and just sit somewhere and hang out. I would want to just hang around, maybe go on a walk on a chilly, fall night. \
\
I think when going on a date, communication is one of the most important things to do throughout the whole time. I would want to talk about different things such as who they are, what their interests are, what makes them happy, what saddens them, why they are the way they are, and what makes them unique. I like to know all about someone and I want to be with someone who is willing to communicate and actually talk to me about anything and everything.\
\
Another thing I would want in a date in the guy choosing what he wants to do an actually planning things out. I think that effort from a guy is one of the things I look for the most because i believe in relationships being half and half. I would like if the guy took charge for once and actually showed interest and proved that he was going to put in effort as well. I think that girls should put in just as much effort as boys do, but I would like for things to be half and half. \
\
Lastly, I would want my date to be caring, and a great listener. I would not like doing all of the talking, but whenever I would talk I would want someone to have patience to let me have the spotlight to talk and be able to express my feelings as well. I just was to have genuine, authentic fun with someone without have to be nervous or on my toes. I don?t want to have to constantly walk on eggshells whenever I am around someone.\
}