{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The perfect date would begin with the guy asking me out in person and not through text. In this generation, people my age do everything through technology and I hate it. It makes me have the belief that none of us can have face to face conversations which I believe is an important skill to have because a person needs to be able to talk to their significant other, boss, friends, family, etc. face to face when they have something important to talk about. Anyway, on the night of the date he would pick me up from my house and come to my door (or my dorm if that is where I'm living). He wouldn?t just wait in his car and text me ?I?m here? when he arrives. This once again takes it back to my generation using technology for everything. I think it would mean a lot for a guy to actually get out of his car and knock on my door to signal that he is here instead of sending a text. When we arrive at his car, he would open my door before he goes to the driver side to get in. We would both be somewhat dressed up for this date, not super fancy but also not super casual. I like putting effort in to look nice for impotant things so it would be a positive thing if the guy did too. If the guy dresses up it shows me that he actually took the time to prepare for the date and put the effort in to dress up. In the car, it wouldn't be awkward because we would be able to have a continuous conversation. I would also really appreciate if the guy already had where we were going to eat picked out and didn?t just say we were eating wherever I decided. Im a very indecisive person when it comes to making decisions so anytime someone takes the time to choose something I would like instead of making me it is nice. It would also prove to me that the guy put thought into what he thought would be good plans for the date. The dinner will be good with good conversation. After dinner, we wouldn't see a movie because then we both just sit there without the chance to talk and get to know each other better. Instead, we would do something more active and fun. This could be anything like bowling or mini golf. It gives us the chance to talk but also goof around. When it was time for the date to be over, he would drive me back to my house (or dorm) and say good night.}