{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal partner would be funny. He must care about other people. He must be nice to me. I want a man who wants a family (and supports my dream to adopt and foster children and not have biological children) and to help save the world. He would have to balance out my bold personality, while still not dealing with my shit. He would be patient with me and stand up for me and protect me, as I would do the same for him. The perfect date to me is getting dressed nice, but not too fancy, maybe khakis and a shirt for him and a flowing dress for me. We would go to the farmers market and then go get brunch. After eating pancakes and eggs, we would go to a coffee shop and walk around downtown and people watch. He would hold my hand and kiss my forehead and bring a sense of safety to my life. It would be amazing, but not realistic, to then lay out on the beach when it is hot but breezy and just hang out. Being naked would be awesome, but not necessarily for the sexual aspect of it. Rather I think i would enjoy the vulnerability of it.(I probably will regret this when my pale ass gets sunburnt or my nipples start burning) Laying out and watching the waves would be awesome. We could go for a quick swim (although I can barely swim) or take a boat ride.Then we could take a quick nap because 1.) I love naps  2.) It feels great to wake up next to the person you love and 3.) who has the energy to stay awake all day while doing cool stuff? Not me.  Then we would get ready and change into something that makes people want to be us. Later we could go get drinks and dance at the dock when we are tipsy and purely happy with one another. Then go get Mexican food and just enjoy each others company and laugh too loud. Then we would go back home and have really good sex. And I understand that you said date and I described a day but I think really great dates aren't really about the fanciness but rather about the connection and the time you spend and that could last all day. After sex we would cuddle up and each read our books until we get tired. He would then give me a massage and then he would scratch my back until I fell asleep.                                                                                                                    }