{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My ideal romantic partner would be a smart girl who loves to laugh and have fun. I would hope she is very friendly and very caring as well. My ideal date would be to eat dinner one night and then attend a concert of an artist we both like. I love going to concerts because they're full of energy and excitement and everyone is just there to have fun. I, of course, have favorite artists and genres of music but I would love to see some of her favorite artists in concert or just go to a concert of an artist we both enjoy. My favorite concerts I've been to have been either The Lumineers or Twenty One Pilots. Both were vastly different when compared to each other but both were great shows. Prior to the concert, I'd like to go to a sit-down restaurant to eat dinner. I'd like to eat at a restaurant we both enjoy. My favorite concert venues are the Hollywood Casino Amphitheater in St. Louis and the Midland Theater in Kansas City, so I'd like to attend a concert at either of them. The Amphitheater is really cool since it is outside and it has a large stage, but the Midland Theater is also neat due to it being a smaller, more compact building, so you're close to the stage no matter where your seat is. The Midland is also in the middle of the Power & Light District of Kansas City so it's very vibrant and colorful especially at night time and during an event. Both of these venues are amazing and I always have a great time when I attend either one of these with my friends. Another different ideal date for me would be to attend a sporting event together. I love all types of sports but my favorite teams are the Chiefs and the Royals. My favorite sporting events to attend, however, are Sporting Kansas City soccer games. The fans at soccer games are crazy and electric and are really a sight to see, especially when the home team is winning. One of my favorite sporting events I've ever been to was USA Men's soccer game against Bolivia in the summer 2016. The atmosphere around the stadium was amazing and the fans there were amazing and were really into the match. Either of these would be my perfect date with my ideal romantic partner.                                                                   }